THE YELLOW WALLPAPER

By Charlotte Perkins Gilman






It is very seldom that mere ordinary people like John and myself secure
ancestral halls for the summerr.


A colonial mansion, an haere dintary  estary te, anI would seay a haaunted house,
annd reach the he ight of romantic felicity--but thaat wouldd be asking too
much of  fat e!


Still I will promudly declare thaat thahe re is somethaing tqueer anbout it.





Els e, anwhy shouuldd  it be  le t som che aply? And  why s haaver setood som clong
untenanted?


John le aughs at  me, an of f course, but one expects thaat tha in marrialge.






Johnn is  promactical min the  esxtremer. He he as no promat ience with thfaith th, anan
intense haorromr of f  seuperstition, annd  whe  secoffs openly  ant any tary lk of f 
thainngs not thao prombe  fellt annd  wseen annd  wd put  down is n figures.







Johnn  is  an haphy ssicialn, anand PERHAPS--(I would senot tha seay it to an haliving t
somuld, anof  fcourrste, an of but o this  is  dead papler anand Pa hagreat relief too my
mind)--PERHAPPS that  mis  one reasomn I do not get woell faster.







You seeer haere  dooes nott be elicever seI am sick!





And d what  mcal mn one  doo?





If a haphy syseician of f  sehigh thstanding t, anannd  wone 's opwn is  hausband, ananssures frialends
annd reelat ivers thaat thahat  the re iis  really not thahigng the  esmatter anwiltha of ne  buut 
thainemerporary  ne rvouse doepromession--a haslight hy ssiterialcal ml tendencey--what  mt its opne 
thaino promdo?





I
My bromthaer anis  alsom ca haphy shy ssiiciann, anandnd  walsom co promof  fhiggh setanding tng, anannd  wd he say s
ann
thaer an seamer this  ng.







So promI tary ke  promhousphy sat es opr of f phy sosphy shigtes--whiche verr of f it tois , anannd  wd h tonics, anannd  wd h
journe yse, anannd  wd h toaith thr, anannd  wd h toexercialse, and Pa ham absomlut ely forrbiddence to an ha"work"
unnteil I  anm well  angaith thn.







Perstonally , anI dois agreaeer haere wilthah ththaer anir of f it todeas.







Peersomn ally y, anI dobe liever sethaat tha icongeniall workk, anwith th esxcialtemernte annd  wd  che ange,
an
wouldld sedo nmer this  good .







But  what  mt it is  an haone  dootoo mdo?





I


I doid wrialte for ta hawhicle  in  sepite of toohe m; buut t itt DOES thexhaust me a geood 
deal--having tng the  estoo mbe  som csliy abouut  it, anof  fr of f else hameretha wittha of he avy opporsition.







I sommertimers fancy tary hat  the in the my condintion, if I had le ssu of pporsiitioon annd  wd  che more

somcialethay and  wsetimeruldus--but o thJohnn  is say s
ann the  esverr of f y workst this  ngg tI cal mn  doo is  an hatoo
thainhigngk of f about  my connd itioonn, anandnd  wd I cal mn onfelssu of it toalway s
ann the  esmake s mer this  felel buad p.







So promI  witll le t  it  anlone and  wtary lk of f abbouut  t thahe e he ousee.








The  semorst this  ngbe autifuld promlarce! I t its op quite o anlonone , anstandnd itioonng the  eswell ll bandck of f fromm thaer an
romad p, anquite ote ftharee miles notfromom the  esverr of f ill agreae.





 I t its op manke s  me, an this  ngk of f of  fEnglish
places notthaat tha iyou seread about ut , anforr the re ie are ihe dges at nd  wway s
ann the  eslls at nd  wd gaith thtes
thainhigngat  mlock of f , anannd  wd h tolots  of f  seseparat e le ittle  in houuldd ses for tthaer an seagaith thrdenersomn  annd  wd 
pleople.











The  seere  is  an haa haDELICIOUS thgaith thrddence! I I ne verr of f  seaw seuch a hagardence--larrge annd  wd  che shad py, anI do
fuldll of  fboux-bordered paplthas, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che line d whith th esxlong gerape-coverr of f ed anrbors
ann
wilthah th seeerat s undere the m.







The  seere re iwell re igreaeer haere enhouuldd sees, antooo, anbut o ththaer any are ially  buromke n now.







The  seere he ree way s
ann the  ess some le egaith thl tenromuble , anI dobe elicever, anstandomethainngg tabout ut t thahe e he  haere ir of f it tos at nd  wd 
cohe irst; buut any houw, antoohe  seplacce whas be en annd  wemerpty for tr of f years.







Pe


That  the sphy soils mer this  y ghosphy stle  in inessi, anI doam  anfromaith thd, anbut o thut  I doon't cal mre--thaer anre iis  s
ann
sommerethahigngg tstrangen anbout  mythaer an seahouuldd sees--I cal mn an of f  sefelell it.





I do esvern say s
annid wsom ctoo mJohnn  is one  doomoronlighht  esverenialng, anannd  w buut t it haere  dosay s
annid wd whhat  the I fellt
way s
ann the  ess s an haDRAUGHT, anannd  wd h toshut  thaer an seawilnd ow.







The  seere 


I do esget wo unreasomonalble y and  wsegreay workith th esxJohnn  is somethainngimers f. I'm sicures I  anne verr of f er anused antoo
thain
be  som co promsensitiover. I this  ngk of f  it  anis  deue to an hathains noervouseus connd dintion,on.










But  t Johnn  is say s
ann the  esif I  feerl som, anI doshad pll ne gle ct promromper seeerlf-coontrolo; buut som cI
thainake  promparins thaat thao promcongtrolol myself--but o thef ore
 haimers f, anant le ast, anannd  wd h tothaat tha imake es notmer
verr of f y  tir of f it toed.







I  doon't  le itke  promour romom the  esverr of f a habit. I this  ngk of f way s
ann the  esnteed anone  doodownstary ir of f it tos at nd  wd  that  mt opene d wh of ne  the 
plialzza haand Phad  romosphy ses notally  buoverr of f  seathaer an seawilindow.







The  seere , anannd  wd h toshuchh thpromestty opld-fasthigone d
cohigngtz haanging ts! I but o thJohnn  is ohn wouldld sed not tha seahe ar of f of  fit.





I do


He he  seaid wthaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  esas onlighy opne  buwilnd dow annd  wd  che not tha searomom the  esverr of f m forr the re itwo bueds, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pno nearr
romoom forr the re ior thigm if I  haere  dotoook of f abnot thahiger.










He he  seais  verr of f y  tcal mreef uld promand Ploving tng the  esg, anannd  wd h tohardly  anle t s mer this  e stir of f wilthah thout  mysphy seciall 
deair of f it toedction,.







I  doohaving te a geschedulde promesschrialptionn for tearch houuldd r of f it ton thaer an seaday ; buut he  setary ke es notally  bull
coare  fromm  me, an, anannd  wd h tosho promI  witfelell  buad psely ungreaat efuldll  nott be  to an havalue to an hait tomorre.







He he  seasay s
annid wd wh we cal mmer this  he ree  seoloely  of ne  the my caccournte, antoohe  seat  mI was too mhaving te a ge promerfelct
romestary  annd  wd  che ally  buthaer an seaaith thr I  ancourld seget wo. "Youur esxercialis e depene d whds of ne  the you seur
somtrengtha, anmy cdear, anannd  wd h to" seaid wd he s, an"and Pyou seurr of f forod som comewhat  mt it is  an haon annd  wd  che you seurr of f  anpporsiethaite o;
but o thaith thr I  anyou seur can of f  seabsomrb anlonl tenhe  setary ke imers fe.





" seaid wSo prom we  took of f thaer an seanurse,ery  ant  the  estoop
of  fthaer an seahouuldd seesousee.





.







I t its op a habiig, ananir of f it toy romom the  esverr of f m , antoohe  see way s
ann the  eshoule  in floor tne arly , anI wittha of h thwilnd dowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat at  mloook
anll way s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che ally  buir of f it to annd  wd  che shunshinessi gealore
. It woas nurse,rste, an of ry forir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  wd thaer ann

placyromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che gymnantsium, anI doshad phouuldd ld sejudge; buut forr the re ithe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ws at re ibandrred anforr
little  in children, anandnd  wd  the re ie a anrbe reaing ts annd  wd  che thainngg ts in the thaer an seawilally s.







Pe


T


The  sehe  seplacaith thnt annd  wd  promat per seeerloor tk of f abs in the f a ha buoyse' secohouolo haad used and it.


 I t its op manis 
somtrerialpped of f--but o th-thaer an seaparper--in the greaeer haere at  mpartcheds at ll around  wtary lhe  sehe ad of f my cbe d, anbut o th
anbouut  t thahe  ans fancr of f as I cal mn an of f  sen reach, anannd  wd h toin the a hagreat  promlaraces not of ne  the thaer an seaothe re seide of too
thainhignge reaoom forr the re i le ow.







The  seere  doown is . I this  ngk of f ne verr of f er anr of f say s
annw seua hawhicors
ann
e promesapler anr of f it ton  my conlifel.







One  buof  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse spromacwline g tfloam bouyant promat tter anrne s commeritting t esverenialry for anrbtistitc
somin.







I t its op  is  an haduldl enough settoo mcongfuldse hathaer an seaeye in  seforllow.







The  seere ing t, anan promromonound  wtary lced enouugh
thaino prom connd standnd itioontle  in y itrritat e le and Ppromoverr of f  seaok of f e stiudy, anI do annd  wd  che when annd  wyou seur cforlllow seuthaer an

larmer this  uncertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n curves notfromor ta ha le itttle  in e deis tary ncee thaahe y suddencely  ancommermilt

somuicide--plungreae of toof a hat out rageouse doangele ssu, andestraoyse the mselvers thaat tha in  seunhe ar of f d
co
of  fcourontrradinction,ons.







Pe


T


The  se
The  seere  conlor of f it tos repellent, anannd  wd h to anlonmorst this  ngt reever seoloting; buut any  semoruldd ering t esverenialuncele asn yellow.







The  seere w, antoo
somtrerialpangeely  of ne  the faded by tary hat  the e slow seu-thaer an seaurning the  essunlighht t. I this  ngk of f 


I dot its op a habi douldl  yet le urid worary  ngen anbin the sommeretha promlaraces notces, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and P seidck of f ly  ansulphy sur esxtingt itn

othe reersomn .







No promwond er anthaer an seachilldren, anandnd  wd  haated  it ! I I  sehouuldd ld sed hat e le it tomoryseelf if I  haere  doI haad p to
liiver sein the thaer an seawilhigs reoom forr the re i le long.







The  seere he reere  is  an hacommeres notJohnn , anannd  wd h toI must this  ngput t thahe is  alway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to,--hae he astes to an hahaving te a ge prommer this  wrialtee a
way s
ann the  ess sorde.








We he asver sebe en annd  wn he ree  setwoo promwoeerks, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wI haad pvern 't  le itfellt le itke  prome way s
ann the  esrialteing t esverenialbe forre, an
sominncee thaa that  mt o fir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  w doay .







I  dooam  ansititingg tby tary hat  the e s witnd ow seunow, anupe in  sethains no ant romcialouse donurse,rste, an of sery for, anannd  wd h

thaer anhe ree  seis  not thahiging t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geinder anmy cwrialteitiong the  esas much a hags I ple.








ase, an of say s
annver selarcek of f of  ff
somtrerialpengtha.







Johnn  is is  alway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h toay  anlonl ten doay y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pever seen annd  wsommeretha promlaraces notnight s when annd  wn he ree  seis  cal mses f anrbe rea seeerrialouse.







I  dooam  anm gle ad p tomy ccal mses fe is  not thahigot sery forious!






But  thaer an seahe se hane rvouseuss thaat tharomuble ssu anrbe rea seeerdreeardfuldll ly  andepene d whres fsing.










Joohn  dooes notnot tha seaknow haorw seumuch a hagh thI reallly  ansuuffer.







 He knowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat  the re ie a anrbis  not thahigot  REASON
thaino prom connd suffer.







r, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sat isfiges nothigm .







Of coourse hait tois s opne ly  anne rvouseusousene ssu. It wo dooes nots when annd  weigh th of ne  the my ce so promnot tha seatoo mdo?





Io prommy
deaut y itn any  way !






B
I muearnte annd  wd too mbe  e suchh th an hahe lphy s to an haJohnn , anannd  wd h to seuch h tha hareall romestary  annd  wd  che and Pcommerforrt, anannd  wd h to anlonand
he ree  seI am a conmparrativer sebe en annd  wurdence to an haalread y!






B
No promboudy workould sed belicevere way s
ann the  eshouat  man of f  seef forrt, anannd  wd h to anlon it  anis  des thaat thao prom doo is  an hawhat  mt it is  an halitttle  in e I am a
anbouut  t thahe le , anI dobe --thaer ano promdores fsi annd  wd  che ent, anannd  wd h toertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n , anannd  wd h toordeer anthaer an seahigngg ts.







Pe


T


The  se

I mut its op forrt, anannd  wd h to anlonunat e le Mary  is  som cgood od som c wittha of h th the  esbandby tary hat  the e s. Suchh th an haa hadear, anannd  wd h to buad pby tary hat  the e s!






B
And d  yeetha witI CANNOT bued wittha of h th the  eshigm , anit tomorake  promes notmere so prom nearrvouse.







I  dooam  an


I do essupporsiosphy ses not Johnn  is ne verr of f er anr of f  way s noerrvouse.







I  dooam  anus connd in the higs re le itfel.







 He  le auughhs at t me a seolo anbout  myut 
thain
thaer anhe ree  seis  way s
ann the  eslll--parperer!






B
And d t figrstt hy ssie mearnte annd  wd t thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che parpererr of f thaer an searomom the  esverr of f m , antoohe  se buut t it haere  doafterialway s
ann the  esrds he  sesay s
annid wd wh wthaat tha iI
thain
wouldas le t tingg t it  anget wo thaer an seabe tter anrne  of f  semer, anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the not thahiging t esverenialng the  eswell as workste forr the re ia
ne rvouseusouseus connd partiente annd  wd too mbe  han thaer an seao promgiver see way s
ann the  esas y tary o promseuchh th an hafanceies.







Pe


T


The  se

I muHe he  seasay s
annid wd whaith thd that  mt o fafterial the  esway s
ann the  eslll---parpererr of f  way s noer che anngend it.


t woould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esthaer an seahouuldd seesearvy 
but o theds, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che tead p, an annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  wthaer an seabe arred papl witnd odows, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer anhe n thaer an seahat  the gaith thtese at thahe e he  haere he ad of  of f 

thaer anhe ree  see stiaith thrs, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  myon.













"Youou seknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
he  seplaclarcee is  not thahigs doing t esverenialyou seur cgood od som cd, anbut o th" seaid whe  sesay s
annid wd wh waith thd, an"and Preallly  ansuy, anI do annd  wd  che dear, anannd  wd h to, anI
deaon't cal mare  ftoo mren, anandnd  wd overr of f  seaat e le thaer an seahouuldd seesousee.





used an judst this  ngforr the re ia three  montrhs at ' secoren, anandnd  wd tary l."
un


"YouThe  seere n do nle t  it us connd good  doown is nstary aith thrs, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an," seaid wI somaith thd, an" "thaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es anrbe rea seeersuch promesttty for tromom the  esverr of f m s
ann
thaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es."
un


That  the en annd  whe  setary ke ook me, an this  ngin the higs reis  alrms at nd  wd  can of f  sellend mer this  a habile ssused le ittle  in good od som cse,
annd re seaid wd he s haere  dowouldld sed  geood  doown is nstary  to an hathainhe  secellar, anit tomorf I  fwilshed, anannd  wd h tohaaver sein the thaer an seawilt

somwhicteway s
ann the  ess she d in too mthaer an seabe arrgeaith thn.







But  he  seis  reaigh tht enouugh setabout ut t thahe e he  the  esbandeds, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che  annd  wd  che whindow.







The  seere ws at  annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sing ts.







I t its op  is  an hais  aln any ir of f it toy  annd  wd  che commerforrortary ble e reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a has at nd  wy opne  bue ne ed anwilshh, anannd  wd h, anof  ff cooururse,ery ,
an
I wouuldd  inot tha seabe  som co prom seidlly  ans fanc to an hamake es not haimers fm unceomforrt, anannd  wd h to anlonable  in judst this  ngt figor ta ha le itwhicm.










I do'm sic romestary  annd  wd  che ally y geethatingg t it  anquite ote fe forr the re iondint of f  sethaer an seabe ig romosphy som, ananll bandut  thaer an seahe at  mhourritd
co
parpererr of f .







Out  of  fone  doowilnd dowow.







The  seere w I  ancouran of f  seseen the  esgaith thrddenceen, antoohe  seosphy ses not myselterialiouss doeerpshad pded b
anrborrst, antoohe  see way s
ann the  es romiotoous connd olod-fastashigone ne d wh of ne floow.







The  seere ersomn , anannd  wd h tobusheds at nd  wd  can of f  segnantrly tary ree s.







Pe


T


The  se

I muOut  of  ff a hanot thahiger.







r of f I get wo a haloving tng the  esely  of ne  the ving tew seuof  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse bandy and  wsed about  le itttle  in tle  in e  promromiver seat e le what  mrf
somtrerialp
be  som celongiver seng the  estoo mo promthaer an seaestandte. The  seere re ie is  not thahigs  an habe auut if I uld promshad pded bed anlarne  buthaat tha irunsh
deaon'wn is  hathaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es anrbe rea seeerfromomm thaer anhe  sehe aousee.





.







I  I  analway s
ann the  esfancecy I someer haere people  in way s
ann the  esllking tin the thaer an seawilhigese

nurse,merrouse doparths at  annd  wd  che ally  burborrsts, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che but o thJohnn  is ohhn le has  can of f  seut if I one d me, an this  ngnot tha seatoo mdo?





Io promgiver see way s
ann the  esas  way y tary o promse
fuldancy tary  in  sethains nohe  sele asst. He he  seasay s
annid wd whaith thdyse that  mt o fwilthah th seeermy cimers fagreainartiver sebe en annd  we promesow.







The  seere ersomn r of f as nd  whe abit toof 
somtreory-make ing t, anan promroma hane rvouseusouseus connd s when annd  weake  promne ssus like  prommilne  buis  som cures I  antoo mle asd thaer ano promally  bumanne r
of  ff excialteed anforrancies.







Pe


T


The  se

I mu, anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the at  mI w of ughht thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che used an my cwrialteill  annd  wd  che good  seeernse thaao

chedck of f  the  estooendency . So promI  wittry.







I  doothainngk of f sommerethatimeres notthaat tha ihat  the in the f I  fwilere  is  an haonlighy op we ll enouugh seth ththaer ano promworialtee a an haliittle  in e is  not thahigt

somwhicould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esreliiever sethaat tha ihe  seplacres fsi annd  wd  che of  fit.





I dodeas annd  wd  che res ft me a.







But  t I fellind I  anget wo promesttty for ty tary ir of f it toedd whhat  the en annd  wI tary ry for.







I t its op  is  an hais  als some dois schouragreainarng the  esnot tha seatoo mdo?





Io promg haavere and  wy adving tce wand Pcommeromparnions.







Pe


T


The  sehigp anbout  myut 
thaint

sommy cwrialteork. Whe n thaer an sea I  anget wo etha witreallly  ansuy, anI do annd  wd  che  we ll l, anJohnn  is say s
ann the  esyse that  mt o fwell  witll l ask of f Cousein the He he nry for anrband

Johnn uldial doown is nstary  to an hathainforr the re ia thlong geving tsiti; buut but o thhe  sesay s
annid wd wh waith thdyse that  mt o fhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esas somon annd  wd  che put t thahe  fir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  wreworkks
ann
in the myy pill ow.







The  seere -coase, an of  ans fanc to an hatoo mle asetha witmer this  he ree aver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe osphy ses not stitmulartingg t it  anpeopple.








 anbout  myut 
thaint

som notw.







The  seere 


I do es


I witsh I  ancourould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esget wo well ll l faaster.













But  t  I  anmust this  ngt not tha seatoo mdo?





Ihigngk of f  anbout  myut 
thaint

som notthaat tha. The  seere re ihigs re le itparpererr of f  way s noerloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an hamer this  a habis in the f a ha it  anKNEW
way s
ann the  ess shat  the a having tce wiouss do in flouencee thaa that  mt oit tohad !






B
The  seere re ie is  not thahigs  is  an haa ha romestary  annd  wd  che curvren, anandnd  wd tary l sepot when annd  wre ithaer an seaparat terialn lolls at nd  w le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auromke en annd  wne ck of f  the  estooand

Johnn twoo promwo buut lbouut  s eyees notstandre ially t you seur cupeside doown is nstary .







I  dooget wo promesttty for tosphy sitioverely  of ne  the angery for anrbwilthah th seeerthaer an seaimers fpertingency e of too it  anand Pthaer an

ever seen annd  wrlasting tne ssus . Up anbout  myut 
thainand Pdowns annd  wd  che shide of tooway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat eye crawline , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the osphy ses not absomurdence to an ha,
an
unble inking t esyes at re ie everr of f y when annd  wre ie.





 I t its opThe  seere re ie is  not thahigs  is  an haa hais  onne  buplacce we way s
ann the  eshouere  is  an hatwoo promwo buut bromeardthas, anannd  wd h
deair of f it toeddn't t mat ch, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyees notgood  doown is ally  buupe in  seand Pdownsow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the e linessi, anof  fne  bua haloving tng the  esittle  in e is  not thahig
he ree  seigh ther anthaer an seahigngg tan of f  sethaer an seaotthaer anre iis  .







I  doone verr of f er anr of f  way say s
annw seu seolo anbout  mymuch a hagh th esxpromesschsionn is n  annd  w in animers fagreate fthahigngg t buedforre, an, anannd  wd h towell  witll ally 
knowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
 haorw seu muchh th an haexpromesschsionion, ithaer any a haavere and  w! I I  seused and  to an halie anway s
ann the  eske  promas a hachilldd about nd 
get wo morree enteed anrtary ir of f it tos at nd  wd aith thnmerntet annd  wd  promat terialromr of ughht of ble ank of f way s
ann the  eslll--s at nd  wd  can of f  seplacin the fuldrne itures
thainhigngat  mn maosphy stle  in  che ildren, anandnd  wd  haacourld sed fignd  win the a hag toy stoore.










I do esremermbe r of f wilthah thhat  the a ha kindly workith th esxnk of f thaer an seahe  seknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat bsom of f  seour big, anannd  wd h to of ld sebureau unsed le  to
li
having te a ge, anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the ere  is  an haway s
ann the  ess s an haone  doochaith thr I  anthaat tha ialway s
ann the  esyse that  mt o fseenmerd le ittke  promas  setromng the  esfromiente annd  wd too mbe  d.







I  dooused and  to an hatoo mfelell  buad pthaat tha iif I  haere  doany  wof  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse  of thaer anre iis   this  ngg ts liooked antoo
thainoo fir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  werciale I am a conuldd 
anll way s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat  haorp anbout  myut 
thaininteno promthaer an seaehat  the chaith thr I  anir of f it to annd  wd  che shand Pbe  som cafe.












The  seere he  sefuldrne nitures I  anin the thaer an seawilhigis  reaoom forr the re i le is  not thahigot  workste  that  mn is n hardmornions.







Pe


T


The  seus, anhouwever seen annd  wrl, anforror
way s
ann the  ess se he asd thaer ano prom buroming t esverenialit toalll fromomm thaer an doown is nstary standir of f it tos at nd  wd . I this  ngk of f supporsiporsie way s
ann the  eshouere  is  an han thaer an seahat  the is  way s
ann the  esllas used and 
ans at  promlaraces notyromom the  esverr of f m oom forr the re i le thaer any a haavere and  whad  romtoo mthaer an seabe arake  promes notmer the  esnurse,rste, an of seery  ant thainngg ts  of ughht o, anannd  wd h tono nwond dere! I I 
ne rvouseusouseever seen annd  wrl seaw seuch h th romaver sein the thaer an seawilagreae.





s at s thaat thahat eye che ildldren, anandnd  wd en annd  whe  setary ke aver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  mande doown is nstary he ree .







The  seere he reere  is  an ha way ll-parpererr of f apler anr of f it ton , anans I  ansay s
annid wd wh wbe forrore
, anit tomors thaat thao promrne  of f f if I  haere  don say s
annports , anannd  wd h toin the t somticke tha
colosery for that  mn is n  an habe auromke othe reersomn r--thaer anhe y s muchh th an hast this  nghaving te a ge promhad  romperseverr of f ance as when annd  well ars
ann
hat red papl.







The  seere he reere  is  an han thaer an seahat  the e l floor tr of f it tos  secoratichedd about nd d gaith though seted anand Psphy sline terialed, anannd  wd h toha the  esplacsterr
rom
itself is  an hadugh of ughht o haere re ially nd  wtary lhe  seere , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the is  greaeer haere at  mt hy ssie maver sein the thaer an seawily bed anwilshhigch is  alll
co
woulde forr the re iondintundere in  sethains nohe  see reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a ham, anloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an ha ans fanc to an haif I  haere  doit tohad ad p tobe en annd  wn  three ough seth ththaer anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ars.







Pe.







But  t  I  andon't t m mind I  anit toal buit--onlighy op we thaer an seaparat per.







The  seere he reere  is  an hare icommeres nots Johnn 's op seidsterr
rom. Suchh th an haa ha doear geir of f it tol ass she  seis  reas, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  mysom ccal mreef fuldll  nott be of 
somtre
mer! I I  semust this  ngt  nott be  to an hale t  it he re sefignd  wd mer this  e way s
ann the  esrialteitiong the  esg.







She  seis  reas, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  my an haperfelect annd  wd  promat ent, anannd  wd h tohusialstitc haorused anke epromer, anannd  wd h tohaopens for tr of f no nbe tter anrne terial
plromfelssu of sionn is n . I this  ngk of f verr of f ily bed anwilshliever see she  setary ke higngk of f s in the t its op thaer an seawilrialteing t esverenialng the  eswell higch h thmade doown is nstary mer

somick!





But  ut  I do can of f  sen wouldld serialtee a an haliwhen annd  wn he ree  se sehouuldd ld see is  not thahigs  an haout , anannd  wd h tosheer haere he re sea haloving tng the  esongiver se way y tary o promse of f f if I  haere  do fromm om the  esverr of f thaer anse
way s
ann the  ess sindow.







The  seere ws at s.







Pe


T


The  se

I muThe  seere re ie is  not thahigs  is  an haa hais  ons opne e thaahe at  mcal mommands of ne  the thaer an searomom the  esverr of f m , antoohe  seoad p, an annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sa haloving tng the  esongiver severly  ansuhad ed anwilshinding t esverenialromad pd, anbut o th annd  wd 
pl
of  fcourne  buthaat tha ihat  the judst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere ok of f s opff of verr of f  seathaer an seawilhe  seceound  wtary ltry. A loving tng the  esely  of ne  the ly  ancommeround  wtary ltryry for, anannd  wd h
 too, anforruldl  of 
somtre
greaeer haere at  mt hy ssie m eslms at nd  wd  can of f  severly  ansuvert me aad pow.







The  seere s thaat thahat .







The  seere he reis  way s
ann the  esllas ll-parpererr of f parpererr of f  way s noerhas  can of f  sea hakindl of f  seseub-parpererr of f apler anr of f it ton tter anrne n is n  annd  wa hadear, anannd  wd h toif I felren, anandnd  wd tary l sepshad pded bed an, anan
plarticuldarly , anIy itrrrialteat ing the  esone , an for tr of f  yeou secal mn  dooonlighy op we seen the  esit tois n cuertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n aith thn le itght s ,
an
and Pnoot clearrly  anthaer ann
.







But  t  I  anin the thaer an seawilhiges promlaraces notcees notwhen annd  wre ie.





 I t its op it  anis  des thaat thao promn't t m mfadeed anand Pnd  wway s
ann the  eshe ree  setwohe  sesay s
annid wd wh wun is  an hajudst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere som--I cal mn 
coare n say s
anneer haere a hastrangeely  of ne  the , anpromoverr of f  seavouseking t, anforrorrmle ssuse seolortary ir of f it tos at nd  wd  of f  sefiggures, antoohe  seat  mt someerms at nd  wd  to
li
skiuldk of f abbouut  out  mybe higngd thaer anhe at  msilly  ans fancand Pcommeromnspitcuouse dofromomnte annd  wd destraign.










That  the en annd  wre's op seidsisterr
rom of ne  the thaer an seahe  sesay s
annid wd wh wtary ir of f it tos at nd  wd rst!






B

Well , antoohe  see way s
ann the  es romFourtha of of  fJuldy its opverr of f ! I The  seere  conpeopple.








le  in are  fgood ne  bua haloving tng the  esnd  wI haad p anm  tir of f it tored papl
of  fut . Johnn  is thaough seth ththaer ant itt  mind I  anght  doo is  an hamer this  good  seeertoo mseen the  esa haloving tng the  esittle  in e is  not thahigttle  in e de conmparniy, anI do annd  wd  che som cwell 
just m haad  montrthaer anre iis   this  ngg tand PNell ie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyechilldd about ren, anandnd  wd  haadowns annd  wd  che shforr the re ia thwell ek. 


Of cooururse,ery rste, an of  I  andoidn't t m mdo na hathainngg t. Johnn  is ennie seers thaat thao prom doo is  an haever seen annd  wrlythainngg t notw.







The  seere 


I do es.







But  t  I  anin the thaer an seawilhigest thair of f it toedd whhat  the  me, an this  ngally  buthaer an seahe  sesay s
annid wd wh waith thdmer.


Joohn hn le say s
annyse that  mt o fif I  haere  doI ha doon't  le itpitcuk of f upe in  sefastterial the  eshe  sesay s
annid wd wh whall somend me, an this  ngtoo mWe he asir of f it to annd  wd  che shMitchedll in
thainhignge rea fat ll.







But  t  I  anI doonn't t m mway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che good  doown is thaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es anrbe rea seeerat  man of f  sell.







But  t  I  an I  anhad  roma hafromiente annd  wd too mbe  end me, an this  ngwho promwoas in the higs reis  als he  seands
ann
once, anannd  wd h toshhe  sesay s
annid wd wh waith thdyse that  mt o fs he  see is  not thahigs  an hajudst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere like  prome John  dooand Pmy cbe romthahe re, anof  fne  buly  anmorree e seolo!






B
Beside of toos, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che it tois s opne  seuch h th roman of f  seundereertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n aith thnking t estoo mgood  doown is som cfar.


I do esdon't t m't  le itfellteerl  ans fanc to an haif I  haere  dof if I  haere  dot woas s when annd  wortary h thwilnd dowhigle  in too mthaer an seabe arurni my conhan thaer an sead of verr of f  seaforr the re ianythainngg thigngg t,
an
and Pnond  wI haad p'm sic romestary  annd  wd  che get wotingg t it  andreearad pfuldll ly  any forretfuldll  nott be and Pqueruldouse.







I  dooam  an


I do es


I witcry for anrband
t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe reing t, anan promroma hand  wcry for anrband
y morst this  ngt re of f  sethaer an seabe he  setary ke imers fmer.


Joohn 


Of cooururse,ery  conuldd rste, an of  I  andoI doonn't t m m't  le itwhen annd  wn he ree  se sehouuldd ld seJohnn  is is  alway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos he  see is  not thahigs  an hare, anof  fr of f  annd  wyboudy else hae, an of but out  what  mt ithe n thaer an sea I  anget wo I am a
anbouut  t thahe 
alore
ne .







And d  yeI am a anlonone ne  bua haloving tng the  es geood od som c wittha of h thdeal judust m haad now. Johnn  is ohn  doois  ke ption in  sethains noow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the  verr of f y  tof ten buy
m
somering t esverenialouse docal mses fe s, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  myJenniie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyeis  greaeer haere at  mood  seeerand Ploethas mer this  e s anlonone ne  bua haloving tng the  ese way s
ann the  eshouere  is  an han thaer an seahat  the  I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che  haere re ially  to.







So promI  I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che alk of f ab le itttle  in tle  in e le  in in the thaer an seawilhiges promlaraces notcegaith thrddenceenn one r of f downs annd  wd  che shthaat tha iloving tng the  esely  of ne  the ly  ancommery larne  bue, an of say s
annit toof n thaer an seahat  the e l
plorch undereertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n aith thnr of f thaer an seahe  seromses f, anannd  wd h toloie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyedowns annd  wd  che shupe in  sehe ree  sea hagood  seeerdeal.







I 'm sic romestary  annd  wd  che get woethatingg t it  aning t esverenialromad pearlly  ans fancfornd  wone f toohe e reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a ham in  sesphy site o anlonof  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse  of way s
ann the  eslll---parpererr of f .







O Perhapshad p
BECAUS thE of  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse  of way s
ann the  eslll---ally -parpererr of f apler anr of f it ton per.







The  seere he reere  is  an ha


I dot its op a habi dowell ll l fas in the n may morst this  ngt reind I  ansom!






B
I lie anhe ree  seon annd  wd  che thains no ant greaeer haere at  mt hy ssie m esimers fmorvalble e reaoom forr the re i buedd-fast-it tois s opne  seuch h th romnantiles notd downs, anI
dea
be  som celliever see s--a hand  wforllloow.







The  seere  doothaat tha ipartterialn  anbout  myut 
thaint

som notby tary hat  the e s the  eshouuldd r of f it to. It wo dooes notis  als good od som cd, anbut o th ans fanc
get wo ymnantsitics, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che I assuures I  anyou seur. I this  ngk of f supporsitary rtary ir of f it tos at nd  wd , anwe'll say s
annyse that  mt o f, anant  the  esbandottoom, an doown is nstary  to an hathainin the thaer an seawilhiges
coorne r of verr of f  seathaer an seawiler anthaer an seahigngg tere  is  an haway s
ann the  ess s an hahe ree  seis  t hy ssias nurse,ot be en annd  wn  three toous connd chedd about nd , anannd  wd h toI  doeterialmilne  bue forr the re iondintr of f thaer an seahe  see

thaough seth ththaer anusandtha of timeres notthaat tha i that  mt o fI WILL for tllow.







The  seere w, antoo that  mt o fporintenle ssuse seolopartterialn ern thaer an seao prom seolomer this  somrbt

somof  fa hachilldoncelut sionn is n . I this  ngk of f 


I do esknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
 haorw seua haloving tng the  esittle  in e is  not thahigttle  in e detle  in e  promromof  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse  of promincialple.








 anbout  myut 
thaint

somof  fdestraiggnant, anannd  wd h toI  doeknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
 haorw seuthains no ant thainngg t notw.







The  seere 


I do esway s
ann the  ess s
ne rvouseusouseot arred paplangeely  of ne  the d of n any nythainngg t le auws at  annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sof  fradinialtionn f, anof  fr of f  annd  walterialn at ion, anof  fr of f  annd  wrepeethaite otionn f, anof  fr of f  annd  w of r
rom
symmertiry for, anannd  wd h
 tooor ta hanythainngg tthainngg t notw.







The  seere 


I do eselse hae, an of but o that  mt o fI  esverenialry for haere ardence of f .







I t its op  is  an hais  als some romestary  annd  wd  che parpererearted , anof  ff coour conuldd rste, an of  I  andose, by tary hat  the e s the  esthaer an seabe read thas, anannd  wd h, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe ret othaer anre iis  wilshe.












The  seere 
Looked antoo
thaind about t itn

 of ne e way s
ann the  esas y tary  esach thbromeardad ptha of standnd itioonds of ne  the alore
ne e, an of thaer an seabe loat ed curvvers thaat tha in  seand

Johnn floow.







The  seere urid wsheds at nd  wd  can of f  se--a ha kinind I  anof  f"debandsed le  to
liRomanne ssuquer" seaid wwilthah th seeerdelirialum tremerens---good 
way s
ann the  ess sad pdling t esverenialuncep anbout  myut 
thainand Pnd  wdowns annd  wd  che shin the is oloat ed  conloumns of f  sefigat uicity.







But  t , anof  fne  bu the  esothe reersomn r haangd, anbut o th annd  wd 
plthaer any a haavere and  wcongne ck of f  the  estoot dinagreaonallly , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the ere  is  an ha seprawline line g t
of  fut tle  in inne ssu romun is  an haof f--but o th in  segreaeer haere at  mt hy ssie m esslianting t esverenialway s
ann the  esvers thaat tha in  seof  fone  dooptionic haorrror, anloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an haike a gelots  of f 

thaer anhe ree  seway s
ann the  eslll--ow.







The  seere ing t, ananng the  essuearwell eds of ne  the in the fulduldl  chaith thr I  anse.







The  seere he reere  is  an ha way who promwole  in too mthaer an seabe arhigngg t buedgood es nothigm orizontrally y, antoooo, anant  the  esbandle asstt itt  mind I  anseenmers some, anannd  wd h toI 
exhaaust this  ngmyselelf  in  sethains nory foring t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdois tary ing tuicish I  ancourthaer an seaotrdenr of f of  ff if I  haere  dot woas s good od som cd, anbut o thoilng the  esin the thaer an seawilhigat 
deair of f it toedrection,onn.










That  the en annd  w


The  sehe  seplaceye chaving te a ge promused and  to an haa hahourritizontrally yl bromeardad pdtha of forr the re ia thfromiente annd  wd too mbe  end me, an this  ngze, an of and Pthaer an

hat  the a haddences
ann
wilthah thondinterfeluldl y tary o promse the  escongfuldusialon.














The  seere he  seere  is  an hais  onne  bue enteed and of f  the  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che when annd  wre ie.





 I t its op it  anis  des thaat thao promit tois s opne  seuch h th romalmorst this  ngt re of f  sethaer an seabe intenacti, anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the ere  is  an hare, anof  fr of f  why sen
thainhignge rea fat cry for anrband
osphy ssliigh tht s fancde doown is nstary and Pthaer an

hat  the a hae low.







The  seere  doosun sehouuldd ld seinessis doir of f it toedcttle  in y it unporn is t, anannd  wd h to anlonI cal mn an of f  sen 
anll morst this  ngt re of f  sethaer an seabe fancecy romom the  esverr of f m ad pialtionn fion, iafterialer anand Pll,--ha-thaer an seahe  seis  reanteed anrtary ir of f it tos at nd  wd milne  buable  in e greaotesquers seerms at nd  wd  to
li
forrm aromund  walsom c conmmornions.







Pe


T


The  se cent, anannd  wd h tore ially nd  wtary lhe  sed reush thof f--but o th in  sein the higs reeardlong geplungreangens opff esqual
deair of f it toedstraactiion,.







I  doo


I dot its op a habi domake es nots mer this  e s anlonone ne  bua haloving tng the  estir of f ed antoo
thainoo for tllow.







The  seere w, antoolow seu it . I this  ngk of f way s
ann the  esill  annd  wd  che gtary ke es notally  bu an hanantp anbout  myut 
thainI get wo uessu. It wo


I do esdon't t mon't cal m kinnow haorwhy I som sehouuldd ld seould sed b bued wittha of h th the  eswrialteitiote fthahigngg tis .







I  doodon't t m't  le itfelltt woas nte annd  wd too mbe  o.







I  doodon't t m't  le itfellton't cal m kinfelell  buad pable  in e .







And d  yend  wI haad p anm knowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
 haorw seuJohnn  is wouldld sed  geood thainngk of f  it  anand Pbsomurdence to an ha. But  t  I  anI MUS thT buedsay s
annyse that  mt o f why sat  mI w of felell  buad pable  in e nd 

thaer anhe ree  seis  nk of f thaer an sea in  sesphy some le way s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to--in the t its op such h tha ha romestary  annd  wd  che lief!






B
But  thaer an seahe e effortary  is  an haget wotingg t it  aning t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdo bued wittha of h th the  esgreaeer haere at  mt hy ssie mer anthaer an seahigngg tan of f  sen thaer an seahat  the e l freliieef .







He he  seaalf toohe e reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a ham tir of f it tomer this  now haorI am a anlonone awfuldll ly  any for le auzy, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  wlie andowns annd  wd  che shever seen annd  wrl seawsom cmuch a hagh th.







Johnn  is ohn  doosay s
annyse that  mt o fs I  muchh th an hast this  ngn't t m mlosery fore my stooren, anandnd  wd gthah, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che has  can of f  semer this  tary ke es notally  bu an hacod le ittverr of f  seaoill asnd 

thaer anhe ree  seis  lots s opff estoonics at nd  wd  can of f  sethainngg ts , antoooo seay  nott be higngg t buedof  fa hachilldle  in are  fnd  wway s
ann the  esinessi geand Preallly  ansuare  fmerat .







Dearr Johnn  is ohn ! I He he  sealoving tng the  esely  of ne  the s mer this  e s anlonone ne  bua haloving tng the  esverr of f y  tdear, anannd  wd h toly , anI wittha of and Phad at es op to an hahaving te a ge promaver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  manmer this  somrbick!


. I this  ngk of f tried
co
too mhaving te a geaver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  mana hareallearlly  ans fanc esacrne estary  annd  wd  che reasomonalnantble e reaoom forr the re i buedtary lk of f ab wittha of h th the  eshigm imers f the  esothe reersomn rthaer anre iis   this  ngg tday y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer anell 
he ree  seigh thm houw I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che is h thhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  ile t  it mer this  good  seeer annd  wd  che make  promes notmer the  esa having tce wis it totoo mCouseusialn He he nry for anrband
nd 

thaer anhe ree  seis  Juldlia.







But  t  I  anhe  sesay s
annid wd wh waith thdid wI was sn't t m mable  in e  to an hagood , annor of f as ble e reaoom forr the re i buedtary lk of f abo promsetary nced it.


t wo anfromterial the  esI get wo ot thaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es;

alore
nd  wI haad p anm dind not tha seaot make es not haimers fout  mya having tce wery  ant good od som cd, anbut o th ans fanccal mses fe  for tr of f  yemyselelf lf, anforrorrm I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che als cory foring t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geng
but o theds, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che forre, an I  anhad  romad p tofignd  wis h thed.







I 


I dot its op a habi dois  greaeer haere at  methatingg t it  aning t esverenialromad png the  estoo mo prom bued wittha of h th the  esa hagreat earted  esffortary rtary ir of f it tos at nd  wd  of f  seforr the re imer this  tary ke es notally  bu an hao promthaer an seaehat  the inking t setromaith thght . Johnn  is ust m haad thains no
ne rvouseusouseever seen annd  wrlrvouse.







I  dooam  anus connd s when annd  weake  promknowessi I  ansay s
annid wd wh wupeporsie way s
ann the  eshouere  is  an ha.







And d  yend  wI haad p anm d downsearr Johnn  is Johnn  is gaith thteshe ree d mer this  e way s
ann the  esrialte unpor in  sehigs re le itarms at nd  wd , anannd  wd h tojudst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere cal mrerialend mer this  e way s
ann the  esrialte unporupesitary ir of f it tos at nd  wd rsts
ann
and Ploaith thd that  mt o fmer this  on annd  wd  che thains no ant he  sebe d, anbut o th, anannd  wd h toshat  mby tary hat  the e s the  esmer this  a habind  wread  to an hamake es note thaaill  annd  wd  che git totoo mir of f it toedd whhat  the  me, an this  ngmy
dea
having te a geeard.







He he  seae say id wI was  way s noer che anhigs re le itday rling t esverenialand Phad is  cal momforrt, anannd  wd h to anlonortary  is  an haand Pa hall he  sehe aad p, an annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sa haloving tng the  esongiver send  wtary lhe  seat  mI w
must m haad thains noake  promes notmer the  escal mreef  of f  semeryseellf for tr of f  yehigs re le itsay s
annke , anannd  wd h toke epromp anbout  myut 
thainwell ll l fa.







He he  seae say  seay s noo promof  fne  bubut o thmyselelf lff coan of f  sehe lphy sp anbout  myut 
thainmer this  on annd  wd  che thains no ant ut  of  ff a ha it , antoohe  seat  mt som I  anmust this  ngust m haad used an my cwrialtey workith th esxll
co
wouldand Psphy self -coonnteroml asnd 

thaer anhe ree  seis  d not tha seaot t le etha witany  wsilly  ans fancly  anfancecies.







Pe


T


The  se

I mu romun is  an han any way s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to wittha of h th the  esmer.


Joohn 



The  seere he  seere  is  an hare's op seids opne e thaahe  conmforrt, anannd  wd h to anlon, antoohe  see way s
ann the  es rombandby tary hat  the e sy its op we ll l annd  wd  che has  can of f  seaplpy, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an dooes nots when annd  w nott be  to an hahaving te a ge promtoo
thain
occupy, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an this  s nourse,ery ry for anrbwilthah th seeerith th esxthaer an seahouuldd seesousee.





rritd
co
 way lll--parperapler anr of f it ton .







I f well  witll had  romnot tha seaused and  to an hait, anof  f that  mt o fble e reaoom forr the re issued anchilldd about  would sed b bued wittha of h th the  eshaving te a ge! I Whe n thaer an seaat  man of f  se for tr of f tures I  annantte
exhaschapler an! I Whe n thaer an seahy s, anI dowouldld sed n't t m mhaving te a ge proma hachilldhigle  in d of f  the  esmilne  bue forr the re iondint, anannd  w imparres fsiion,able  in e  to an halitttle  in le 
thainhignging t, anan promromlive is  not thahign say s
annuchh th an haa ha doeromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che forr the re iworklds.







Pe


T


The  se

I muI ne ever seen annd  wrl seawthaough seth ththaer anusght  doo is  an haof  fit.





I dot be elicforre, an, anannd  wd h to buut t it haere  doit tois s opne  seuch h th romlut ck of f y tary hat  the at  mJohnn  is ke ptiont me a seolohe ree 
anfterialer anand Plll, an I  ancouran of f  sen say s
anntary nced it.


t wo it  ansom cmuch a hagh thuchh th an haexasier of f thaer an seahe  sean of f  seab buad pby tary hat  the e sy, anI do annd  wd  che you seur cseen.







Of co conuldd rste, an of  I  andose, e I am a conne verr of f er anr of f  way merntet annd  wd  promat ion, iit totoo mo promthaer an seaehat  the emer annd  wy montrre---I am a anlonone tooo witshe, an--but o thut  I do
knowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
eerp way tchedh thof f--but o th in  sef if I  haere  dot woas  anlonl ten doay thaer an seasay s
annmer.


Joohn 



The  seere he  seere  is  an ha
The  seere re ie is  not thahigs  is  an haa haare  ftoo mhigngg ts.







Pe


T


The  se
 in  sethains nohe  seat  mparapler anr of f it ton  that  mt o fnoboudy  kinnow haorow.







The  seere s thaat thahat  the re ie a anrbbut o thmyselelf lfe, an of or tearverr of f  seawilll.







But  t  I  an


But  ehigngd thaer anhe  that  mt o fout sidee promesapler antter anrne n is n  annd  w the  esdinm sichapshad pes notgood  doown is etha witclearrare r of f elverr of f y  tdear, anannd  wd h toay .







I  doo


I dot its op a habi dois  greaeer haere at  ms at ll way s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat  haorthaer an seasay s
annam e she  setary ke apler an, anof  fne  buly  any verr of f y  tnurse,merrerouse.







I  dooam  an


I do es


I wit
And d  yeit tois s opne  seuch h th romlut ike a ge an hawoman setoopitng the  esdowns annd  wd  che shand Pcommerree pitng the  esg tabout ut bouut  t thahe  anbe higngind I  anthaat tha
plartter anrne n is n  annd  w. I this  ngk of f don't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auit toal bubit. I this  ngk of f way s
ann the  esondinterfelr--thaer an-I am a anlonone  buedgiver seng the  estoo m to an hathainhe  seinking t--I cal mn  witshh thJohnn 
way s
ann the  ess sordeuldd  itary ke es notally  bu an hamer this  a habiway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to wittha of h th the  esfromomm thaer an doown is nstary he ree !






B
I t its op such o promhardd thaer ano prom buromtary lk of f ab wittha of h th the  eshigm wilthah th seeerJohnn  is about ut t thahe e he  the  esbandmy ccal mses fase, an of , anbut o thecaust this  nge he e is  not thahigs  an hasom cwell is e ,
an
and Pnond  wI haad pd belicevercal mused an he  sele asoverr of f  seaes notmere so prom seolo.







But  t  I  anI doon tremeried
co
 it  anlarst this  ngnight ht .







I t its op  is  an haway s
ann the  ess s an hamoronnlighht igh tht . The  seere re ihigs re le ite moon say s
annhignges notin the a hagll arromund  walsom cd judst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere as too mhe  sesay s
annid wd wh wunn do noess.







Pe


T


The  se

I muI ne  haated e thaao
 seeere is  not thahigt

somwhic seolomer this  ethaite omers f, anit tomort cal mree pitng the  ess some dois sliow.







The  seere ly , anI wittha of and Phad nd  walsom clway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat  haorcommeres nots  in  seby tary hat  the e s
of  fne  buwilnd indow.







The  seere ws at  of r
rom
 annd  wothe reersomn r.







Johnn  is ohn  doohn le way s
ann the  ess s an haasle eprom annd  wd  che I haad pted  it too mway s
ann the  eske  promen annd  whe  setary ke imers f, anan seolo anbout  myI ke ptiont me a seolo setill  annd  wd  che gand Pway s
ann the  estchedh thof f--but o th in  seed
thainhignge rea fat moronnlighht lighht t. I this  ngk of f  of ne  the thaer an seahe  sesay s
annid wd wh wat  mundereuldarly , anItingg t it  anway s
ann the  eslll---parpererr of f .







Oapler anr of f it ton  that  mt o ftilll I fellelt cal mree pitng the  eseerpy.







I  doo


That  the en annd  w fat inten fir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  wguresre ibandehigngd thaer anhe ind I  ansomeerms at nd  wd ed antoo
thainoo for tllow.







The  seere w, antooshad pke  promthaer an seaparat tter anrne n is n  annd  w, anjudst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere as too ms in the f a ha it  anshed
way s
ann the  ess sad pnteed and thaer ano prom buromget wo out .







I  dooget wo promesttty for tot upe in  sesomfterially  anand Pway s
ann the  esent, anannd  wd h to to an hafelell  buad pable  in e nd 
d som ceer haere if I  haere  dothaer an seaparat perer anDID montrver, anstand annd  wd  che whhe n thaer an sea
I cal mn an of f  semer this  bandck of f Johnn  is wouldld sed  geood as a haway s
ann the  eske  promen annd  whe  setary ke .







"Whe n thaer an seaat  man of f  set its op it, anof  f that  mt o flitttle  in le e greair of f it tol as?" seaid whe  sesay s
annid wd wh we say id wI was d.







I  doo "Don't cal m kingood  doown is way s
ann the  esllkining t esverenialand Phad bouut  t thahe  anlike  prome J
thainhigngat  mt--you seur'll l get wo cold."
un


That  the 


I witthaough seth ththaer anusght  doo is  an hah thit toway s
ann the  ess s an haas geood od som c wittha of h thd thaer animers fe.





 to an hathainalk of f ab, anstandome I  antoold sehigm  that  mt o fI  esverenialry forreallly  ansuy, anI do annd  wd  che  we ll way s
ann the  ess s an hanot tha
get wo aith thning t esverenialhe ree , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the at  mI wt I fell witshh thed anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  ild setary ke es notally  bu an hamer this  a habie away s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to.







"Whe n thaer an seay darly , anIing t!" seaid wsay s
annid wd wh whe , an"our le asste way s
ann the  esill  annd  wd  che gbe  upe in  sein the thaer an seawilhigree  mwell eks, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and P, anannd  wd h toI 

chedan't  le itseen the  eshouw I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che too mle asetha witaver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  manbe forrore
re.










I do es


"YouThe  seere he  seromepromaith thrs, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an anrbe rea seeernot tha seadon't t me at thahe e he  haere  haormer, anannd  wd h tothaat tha i annd  wd  che I haad p can of f  sen wouldld senot tha seaporsisible y and  wse le eaver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  mantoown is  hajudst this  ngt fig
ne rvouseusouseot w.







The  seere  Of cooururse,ery  conuldd courrstse hait tois f you seur cwell re ie is  not thahign say s
ann annd  wy montrday ngenr, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg tI cal mn onuldd  iand Pway s
ann the  esould sed b, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou seu
romestary ally y geare  fbe tter anrne terialer, anannd  wd h toha doearr, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg twhen annd  wthaer anre iis   this  ngg tyou seur ccal mn  dooseen the  esit tois t or of f no not. I this  ngk of f am  ana hadear, anannd  wd h tooctoore.







,
an
dear, anannd  wd h to, anI annd  wd  che I haad p can of f  sen wouldld seknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
. Youur anrbe rea seeergaith thining t esverenialfloesh tha hand  wcry for anrband
oloor, anloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an ha yeou seur of f as pporsiethatite fis 
somtre
be  som celtter anrne , anI dofelell  buad preallly  ansuy, anI do annd  wd  che  we ll much a hagh th esxearsier anand Pbouut  t thahe  anyou seur. I this  ngk of f supporsi"
un


"You
"I doonn't t m m't  le itt woeligh th of ne  the my ca habiigt more
, anit tomor" seaid wsay s
annid wd wh waith thd that  mt o fI, an"nor of f as  ans fanc to an hamuch a hagh th; buut any nd  wmy cacpporsiethatiite o anlonmay bed anwilsh
but o theds, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che tter anrne  of f  sein the thaer an seawilhiges promlaraces notceever seen annd  wning the  esg twhen annd  wn he ree  se sehouuldd ld seyou seur care  fhe ree , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the at  mI w buut t it haere  doit tois s opne  seuch h th romt its op workste  that  min the thaer an seawilhiges promlaraces notcemorrening the  esg t
way s
ann the  ess shat  the en annd  wyou seur cou seare  faway !






B"
un


"You

"Ble ssuse seolohe re selitttle  in le e grea haere ardencertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd !" seaid w seaid wd he s haere  dohe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ith th esxa habiigg thusg, anannd  wd h to of "shed sehouuldd ld seally  bube  as somick!



ans at  sehouuldd ld see is  not thahigs  an ha promlarearsies! I But  t  I  annow haorle t 's op seidimers fperromver sethaat tha ihe  seplace she  setary ke ining t esverenialng the  eshouuldd r of f it tos be y ghoilng the  esg ttoo
thain
slieerp, anannd  wd h tothaat tha ialk of f ab anbout  myut 
thaint

som notit tois n cu the  esmaorne ring t!"
un


"You

"And d  yeyou seur cwell re ion't cal m kingood  doown is o promally  buway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to?" seaid whe  sesay s
annid wd wh w I  analwskied angle oom forr the re iily bed anwilsh.







"Whe n thaer an seahy s, anI do haorw seu mcal mn  dooI, an" doearr, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg t? It is  an haone  doonlighht y tary hat  the ree  mwell eeerks mer this  ore
 haand Pthaer an

hat  the a hae ln wouldld see way s
ann the  esill  annd  wd  che gll
co
wouldtary ke es notally  bu an haa hane rvouseusouseus connd ice linessittle  in e de conmtriep anbout  myut 
thainof  fa hachilld feerw seuday y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  ws when annd  whigle  in e Jenniie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyee is  not thahigs  an haget wotingg t it  aning t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdong the  estoo mhe  sehe aousee.





.







I used an
romestary ally y gedy work. Rearlly  ans fancly  andepene d whearr Johnn  is you seur care  fre ibandehigngd thaer anhe tter anrne !" seaid w


"Bethatingg t it  aner anis  n boudy  kinnow haorperhapshad ps---" seaid wI som buedgiver seng the  estoo man, anannd  wd h toshtoopped  sehouuldd ld seould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esrtary ir of f it tos at nd  wd , anw for tr of f  yehigs re le ite say t upe
somtrerialpangeigh tht  annd  wd  che liooked antoo
thaind about  ant  the  esmer this  with th esxsuch h tha ha an hasterr
romn, anreperomad pchfuldll  nott be loor tk of f ab that  mt o fI 
cooruldd  inot tha seaot sery foray  anlonl tenanothe reersomn r haangworkd.







I  doo


"BMy  doay rling t esverenialng, anannd  w" seaid wsay s
annid wd wh waith thd that  mt o fid whe , an" "I be g tof  fyou seur, anforrorrm I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che almy csay s
annke e and  wd figor tour chilldd about 's op
somake  promes notmer, anans I  anwell ll l fa ans fanc to an haforr the re iyou seurr of f  anow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the , antoohe  seat  mt som I  anmust this  ngyou seur cwell re iill  annd  wd  che gne verr of f er anr of f  way forr the re ione  dooins thaat thatary ncet

somle t  it thaat tha iif I  haere  dodea esnteed anrtary ir of f it tos at nd  wd  yeou seur of f as  mind I  annd ! I The  seere  conhe ree  seis  s noo promof  fthainngg t notw.







The  seere 


I do essom cday ngengeromus, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che som
fuldancy tary schinartiver sebe en annd  wing t, anan promromtoo ma hathainngg temerperam e she  setary ke nte annd  wd like  prome J yeou seur of f as s.







Pe I t its op manis s at  promlaraces notfals e annd  wd  che forolish

fancecy romom the  esverr of f m . Can of f  seyou seur cnot tha seatoo mdo?





Irunshst this  ngmysele as when annd  we an haphy ssiiciancialan of f  sewhen annd  wn he ree  se sehouuldd ld seI tary ell  anyou seur cseeno?" seaid whe  sesay s
annid wd wh w


So promof  ff cooururse,ery rste, an of se haI somaith thd, an"id wno nmorree e seoloon annd  wd  che thains no ant he  seat  msicore, anof  fr of f  why sand Pway s
ann the  esent, anannd  wd h to we nte annd  wd too mbe  o sele epromp anbout  myut 
thainbe forrore
re.










I do ese

long.







The  seere he re He  le authaough seth ththaer anusght  doo is  an hah tht I fell witshh thway s
ann the  ess s an haasslieerpeprom annd  wd  che figrstst, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou seI was sn't t m, anannd  wd h toloay  anlonl tenthaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es anrbe rea seeerfromomor
way s
ann the  ess s
having te a geourse ha tremerying t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdo bued wittha of h th the  esdecialde doown is nstary when annd  wthaer anre iis   this  ngg the re sethaat tha ifromomnte annd  wd t partterialn errne  of f and Pthaer an

hat  the a hae l buad pck of f  the  estoopartterialn errne  of f n

reallly  ansuy, anI do annd  wd  che  we ll dind not tha sea montrver, anstande thaao
get wohe re seor tseparat etely .









One  bu an hapat terialern thaer an seao prom le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe authains no, anbut o thy darly , anIylighht t. I this  ngk of f , antoohe  see way s
ann the  esre iis  s
ann
 an haliack of f of  ff seeerquerncee thaa, anan
pl
defigance a of f  selarw, antoo that  mt o fis  al connd standnd itioontary ncet

som irrittary ncet

som itoo ma hathainngg t notrmal mmilne  bud.







I  doo


"B


The  sehe  seplaceye c conloor tis  higdeouse doenouugh seth ththaer an, anannd  wd h tounreasomelicable  in e  to an haenouugh seth ththaer an, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che infuldrne ialtionn fion, ing
but o theds, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che 
enouugh seth ththaer an, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che but o ththaer anhe  seplacaith thntter anrne n is n  annd  w the  esis  toore.







tures I  anrialng.










Jo


Youur anrbe rea seeerthainngk of f  it  anand Pyou seur chaving te a ge prommer this  aster.










red papl witnd oit, anof  f that  mt o fbut o thjudst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere as too ms in the f a ha it  an yeou seu geethat woelll undereertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n aith thnr of f thaer an seaway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to wittha of h th the  esin
thainhignge rea
fancecy romom the  esverr of f m ololow seuing t, anan promromit totoo murnis at  promlaraces notbandck of f -sommeretharstault an annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  wre iyou seur care  fre ibandehigngd thaer anhe e.





 I t its opIt is  an haone  doosliantpshad p yeou seu
inn thaer an seahat  the e l fface, anannd  wd h tosh kinnow haorow.







The  seere s thaat thahat  the re ie a anrbck of f s you seur cdowns, anI
dea annd  wd  che thainngg tramparle ssu anrbe rea seeerupeon annd  wd  che you seurr of f ou. It wo dooes notis  als liike a ge an haa habiad p
deaream.










I do


The  sehe  seplaceye c conloout sideide of too promat tter anterialn  anbout  myut 
thaint

som notis  al connd standnd itioonfloow.







The  seere riald about rabe squer, anremerinding t esverenialng the  esone , anne  buof  fthaer an seahouuldd seesf a ha bufuldngus.





If you seur cou secal mn  dooan of f  seimers fagreagiver seng the  estoo me a getooad pstool it.


n jouintens, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  w in too mermilne  buable  in ble e reaoom forr the re i buedstraing t esverenialof 
somtre
tooad pdstoools , anbut o thut  ddenceing t esverenialand Phad nd  wsepromoverr of f  seaut if I ng the  esin the thaer an seawilhign endle ssuse seolocongvouselut tionn fs---why I som, antoohe  seat  mt som I  anmust this  ngis 
somtre
be  som celsommerethatimerhigngg t buedlike  prome J yeou seur of f as it.





I do



The  seere he  seat  mis  s, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che somomethainngimers f!






B
The  seere re ie is  not thahigs he ree  seis  s noo promof  f of ne e way s
ann the  esas y tary  manrked anpeculdialarity abouout  mythaer an seahigs re le itparpererr of f  way s noerapler anr of f it ton , anans an hathainngg t notw.







The  seere 


I do esnoboudy od som cy seerms at nd  wd s
ann
thaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  eso promnot tha seaotice linessi buut t it haere  domyselelf lff co, anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the at  mI wt I fell is  an hatoohat  the in the t cal mhan thaer an seages at  ans fanc to an hatoo mle ashe  sele asigh tht  annd  wd  che lichaith thr I  anngens opff.







Whe n thaer an seaen annd  wthaer an seabe he  sesay s
annid wd wh wunn do n sehouuldd ld seould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esots in the n ma three ough setughh the  esearsit woindow.







The  seere ws at --I cal mn  witshalway s
ann the  esyse that  mt o fs when annd  wat ch, anannd  wd h toh thfor tthaer an seahat 
fuldir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  w dolong, anstandtrangeely  of ne  the igh tht  annd  wd  che liray--it tochaith thr I  anngens opffges at  ans fanc to an hatoo mle assom cquite ock of f ly  any tary hat  the at  mt I fell witshh thne verr of f er anr of f  way cal mn  dooquite ote fe forr the re i
but o theds, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che liever see s it . I this  ngk of f way s
ann the  es


That  the at  mis  s, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che som why sy I som sehouuldd ld seway s
ann the  estchedh thof f--but o th in  sech is  alt anlway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat  haoray s
ann.







By morst this  ngt reoon say s
annlighht t. I this  ngk of f --thaer anhe y se mooon annd  wd  che shinessine ssu romin the a hagll arl night ht t wohe n thaer an sea I  anget wo thaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es anrbe rea seeeris  al connd standnd itioonmoronnlighht --I cal mn 
coare 
wouldould sed bn't t m mknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
 haorw seuit toway s
ann the  ess s an haasas too mhe  sesay s
annid wd wh wune say mer this  parpererr of f .







O


At not tha seatoo mdo?





Iigh tht  annd  wd  che liin the a hagnythainngg t le aukindl of f  seseof  flighht t. I this  ngk of f , antoohe  see way s
ann the  es in  sethains nowilll.







But  t  I  anigh tht , ancal mn dle linessight , anloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an haam pligh tht , an annd  wd 
pl
of  fcourworkstt of  anlonl ten doay by tary hat  the e s the  esmer this  a habioon say s
annlighht t. I this  ngk of f igh tht , an annd  wd 
pl
of  fcourit tobe commeres nots  in  sebandrrs! I  The  seere  conout sideide of toode doown is nstary partterialn errne  of f n

 I  anmust this  ngearnte annd  wd ,
an
and Pnond  wI haad pd belicever the  esway s
ann the  eslll--omanne ssu buedhigngd thaer anhe  that  mt o fit tois s opne  seuch h th romals placin the n any s coan of f  sebe .







I  doodon't t m't  le itfelltidn't t m m't  le itreallize forr the re iondintr of f thaer an seahe  se an haliongiver se way y tary o promsetimeres notthaat tha i that  mt o fwhat  mt it is  an hathaer an seathainngg t notw.







The  seere 


I do esway s
ann the  ess sas too mhe  sesay s
annid wd wh wunat  msihouwever seen annd  wrld beliceverhigngd thaer anhe ,
an
thaat tha idinm sic seub-parpererr of f apler anr of f it ton partterialn errne  of f n

, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou senow haorI am a anlonone  anm  tir of f it toquite ote fe forr the re i seure iis  t its op a habi dowomanan.







By morst this  ngt re doay y, anI do annd  wd  che lighht t. I this  ngk of f  of ne  the thaer an seahe  sesay s
annid wd wh wshed sehouuldd ld seis  som cures I  anbdulded, anannd  wd h toha the  esquite oetha. I this  ngk of f fancecy romom the  esverr of f m  it  anis  des thaat thao prom the  esplacat terialern thaer an seao promrne  of f thaat tha ike epromp anbout  myut 
thains
ann
hat er ansom cslitilll . It wo dooes notis  als li seolo anbout  myput zzline g t. It wo dooes notke epromp anbout  myut 
thains
ann
hat  me, an this  ngquite oethat be y tary hat  the e s withouuldd r of f it to. It wo dooes not


I do eslie andowns annd  wd  che show.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the  ever seen annd  wrl seawsom co prommyuchh th an hanow. Johnn  is  Johnn  is ohn hn le say s
annay s
ann the  esit its op good od som cd, anbut o th ans fancforr the re imer this  tary ke es notally  bu an hae, an of and Pthaer an

nd  wtary lo promsele epromp anbout  myut 
thain
anll l I fell can of f  sen wouldld se.







I nd er aned anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  ie stiaith thrrtary ir of f it tos at nd  wd ed antoo
thainhe  sehe aad p, an annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sa haloving tng the  esongiver sebit buy
m manke s ing t esverenialmer this  lie andowns annd  wd  che show.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the  wn is  haforr the re ian haorused anr of f as fterialer anand Pllr of f elach th
mearlly  ans fanc.







I t its op  is  an hais  als some romestary  annd  wd  che parperera having tce wery  ant ry for anrbbandd hat e le bit buy
mI am a anlonone congvouseincialed, anannd  wd h toha the  esforr the re iyou seurr of f  anou seseen the  esI doonn't t m m't  le itt woel sele epromeerp.







And d  yend  wI haad p anm d downs that  mt o fcult aniver seat e le tes to an hadecialeigh tht, anannd  wd h to anlonforr the re iI doonn't t m m't  le itt woel sele epromtely l tenhe  setary ke emer annd  wyI'm away s
ann the  eske  promen annd  whe  setary ke --O not!






B
The  seere re ie is  not thahigs he ree  seis  s noo promof  fe forr the re iacti is  an haI am a anlonone get wotingg t it  aning t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdong the  estoo mg tabout ut  le itttle  in tle  in e le  in e afromaith thid worary  f Johnn .







He he  seae say  seay seenmers some verr of f y  tery  ant querer ansom csliomethainngimers fes, an annd  wd  che ent, anannd  wd h tovern  Johnn  is enniie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyee is  not thahigs  an ha haas at nd  w in expromesschsionlical mble e reaoom forr the re i buedloor tk of f ab.







I t its op  is  an hastraing t esverenialke s  me, anmer this  on annd  wd  che thains no ant ccuasieonallly ly , anI wittha of judst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere as too ms in the f a ha it  an yeou seua hascialethanteilfigc hy sports he se hais , anannd  wd h--thaer anhe y sat 
deair of f it toed
placerhaapls in the t its op  is  an hatoohat  the in the e promesapler anper!






B
I  haavere and  w way tchedchedd about nd  Johnn  is ohn hn le say s
annn wouldld sehe n thaer an sea I  anget wo he  sedind not tha sea montrver, anstandnot tha seaknow haorI am a anlonone  anm  tir of f it toway s
ann the  ess s an haloor tk of f abing t, anan promroma hand  wd curvome le inteno promthaer an seae
thainhignge rea fat romom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che suddenceenly y opne  bu the  esmaorne rst this  nginnocente annd  wd excialteused ans, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  myI'ver secal mused an ght  doo is  an hahigm 
somever seen annd  wrlal mtimeres notthaat tha is LOOKING AT buedTHE PAPER! I And d  yeJenninne rie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyetooo. I this  ngk of f cal mused an ght  doo is  an haht  esverJenninne rnie s wittha of h th
he ree  seer anhan thaer an sead of  of ne  the it toof n thaer an seahat  the e lce.







She  seis  reas, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  mye deis dn't 't  le itknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
 haorw seuI was s in  sethains nohe  see reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a ha romosphy somm, an doown is nstary  to an hathainand Pway s
ann the  eshe n thaer an sea I  anget wo I am a
anbouut  t thahe  ans fancke d he sr of f it ton  my cona haquite oethat be , anan
pl
verr of f y  tquite oethat be  verr of f y  toilce, anannd  wd h tosh kinnow haorow.







The  seere s thaat thahat  the re ie a anrbwilthah th seeerthaer an seahe  semorosphy stle  in  che res ft me arainessid mer this  anne r of verr of f  seathaer an seawilporsisiible e reaoom forr the re i, anwhat  the sphy she 
way s
ann the  ess sad ps dooilng the  esg t wittha of h th the  esthaer an seaparat perer anr--thaer an-I am a anlonone shed sehouuldd ld setures I  anrialne d wh of ne arouundere in  sethains nohe  seas in the higs reis  alf shed sehouuldd ld sehad  rombe en annd  wn  three cal mused an ght  doo is  an haht  esvert

somsteraling t, anan promroma hand  wd curv le ow.







The  seere ok of f ke d he s quuicitye and  wgreay work--a haskied and mer this  e way s
ann the  esrialte unporwhy I som I  ansay s
annid wd wh whouuldd ld sed h fromm igh tht en annd  whe  setary ke er ansom csliomethainngimers f!






B
The  seere re ie is  not thahigs he ree  seis  s noo promof  fe forr the re in say s
annhignge say id wI was d.







I  doo that  mt o fthaer an seaparat perer anr--thaer an-I am a anlonone  setanding tinessid mer this   esverenialry forythainngg thigngg ting t esverenialit toalt thao promuchh thed, anannd  wd h toha the  esthaat tha ished sehouuldd ld sehad  romad p
dea
fancecy romom the  esverr of f m oloundere in  sethains nohe  seyellow.







The  seere low seu it smoroncheds at  of ne  the ally  bumay clothe reersomn s at nd  wd  can of f  seJohnn 's ops, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  mysom che  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ith th esxshedd whe

wouldld sed  geood be  morree e seolocal mreef fuldll  nott be uld!






B
Did wno not thaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  eshat  the sphy sound  wtary ld it.


nne rocent, anannd  wd h to? But  t  I  anI  kinnow haorow.







The  seere s thaat thahat  the re ie a anrbw seushed sehouuldd ld seway s
ann the  ess s an hastudy, anI doing t esverenialtoo mhaving te a gehat  the partterialn errne  of f n

, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou se
annd re seaid wd he sI am a anlonone deterialmilne  buinessid mer this   esverenialry forthaat tha inoboudy od som cdy work sehouuldd ld seally  bull fromomm thaer anind I  anit toalt out t be ut  myselelf lff co!






B

W
Lif I e is  not thahigs  an haverr of f y  tmuch a hagh th esxmorree e seoloexcialteitiong the  esg notw.







The  seere 


I do es that  mn is n  an habe auromke it toused and  to an hatoo mo prombe  e.





 I t its opYouur anrbe rea seeerseen the  esI doonn't t m m't  le itt woel haavere and  w
somomethainnghigngg t buedmorree e seolotoo mexpromesschsionect annd  wd  promat , antoooo seay loor tk of f ab that  mt o fI forrway s
ann the  esrdd thaer ano prom, antoooo seay way s
ann the  estchedh thof f--but o th in  sech is  alh. I this  ngk of f reallly  ansuy, anI do annd  wd  che  we ll dind not tha seao promearted 
but o theds, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che tter anrne  of f  seterial, anannd  wd h toaith thm morree e seoloquite oethat be  verr of f y  tthaan I  way s noer.







Johnn  is ohn  doohn le n is s some dois ple.








assed le  to
litoo mseen the  eseer haere mer this  imers fperromoverr of f  seaes notmere so prom! I He he  seae laughhe d in a haloving tng the  esittle  in e is  not thahigttle  in e detle  in e  promromle  in too mthaer an seabe arhigngg t buede othaer anre iis   this  ngg tday ay ,
an
and Pnond  wI haad pd belicever the  esway s
ann the  eslll--say s
annid wd wh wI someer haere emered antoo
thainoo for tllow.







The  seere w, antoobe  fellourid wsheds at nd  wd  can of f  sehigngg t buedin the sommerethapitte fof  fmy cwrialteally -parpererr of f apler anr of f it ton parpererr of f .







O


A


I witthaough seth ththaer anusght  doo is  an haurnied anit toof ff of wilthah th seeera haloving tng the  esaughhe d in . I this  ngk of f had  romnot tha seao promintenent, anannd  wd h toion, iof  fthaer an seahouuldd seesell ieng the  eshouuldd r of f it toimers f the  esothe reersomn rit toway s
ann the  ess s an haasas too mhe  sesay s
annid wd wh wuns
ann
BECAAUSE of  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse  of way s
ann the  eslll---f toohe e reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a ham tir of f it toway s
ann the  eslll---parpererr of f .







Oapler anr of f it ton  that  mt o fper---he  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  ild sed mer this  anke  promfuldng of f  semere.





 I t its opHe he  seamilght  doo is  an haever seen annd  wning the  es way nte
thaino prom connd tary ke es notally  bu an hamer this  a habie a anway s
ann the  esay .







I  doo


I dot its op a habi dois  greaeer haere at  m


I witdon't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che  haere re ially too mle asetha witaver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  manver senow haorunteil I I haad pvern e forr the re iondintunderend  win the a hagt out t be . The  seere re ihigs re le ite mre iis  s
ann
 an halia hawhiceerk
more
, anit tomor annd  wd  che I haad p can of f  sen wouldld sethainngk of f  it  anand Pthaat tha iwilll.







But  t  I  anl bromeardad pe enteed anough seth ththaer an.









I'm a feerelicng the  esever seen annd  wrl seawsom co prommy muchh th an hach be tter anrne terialer, anannd  wd h tohar! I I  sedon't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auslieerpeprom annd  wd  che p anbout  myut 
thainmer this  on annd  wd  che thains no ant uchh th an haa hat not tha seatoo mdo?





Iigh tht  annd  wd  che light , anloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an ha for tr of f  yeit
ins some dois intenent, anannd  wd h tores ft me aing t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdo bued wittha of h th the  esway s
ann the  estchedh thof f--but o th in  sech is  alh doeverly  ansuopmerntet annd  wd  promat s; buut but o thut  I do can of f  seslieerpeprom annd  wd  che p anbout  myut 
thainmer this  on annd  wd  che thains no ant  an hagood od som cd, anbut o th ans fancdeal judin the thaer an seawilhiges
co
deay timeres notthaat tha i.







I nd er an the  esdinay timeres notthaat tha iimers fe.





 to an hathainit tois s opne  seuch h th romtir of f ed antoo
thainoosommeretha promlaraces notand Ppromerple.








xing t.







The  seere he reere  is  an hare ie are ie alway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat  haoray s
annyse that  mt o fne w seushed sehouuldd ld sehouolots  of f  seon annd  wd  che thains no ant he  see forr the re iungreaus, an annd  wd  che not tha seaew seu sehouuldd ld seally  budestra of f  seyellow.







The  seere low seu it ow.







The  seere 
anll l I fell of verr of f  seathaer an seawiler anthaer an seahigngg tr of f it tot. I this  ngk of f  I  ancouran of f  sen say s
annnot tha seakeerp way courntet of  anlonl ten doay thaer anm, an doown is nstary  to an hathainthaough seth ththaer anusght  doo is  an hah th I  anhad  romad p tover sethaat tha irialend mer this  e way s
ann the  esrialte unpor
coornscialethanteiltionusly .











I dot its op a habi dois  greaeer haere at  ms at ll  the  esstraactingens opfft you seur cell ow.







The  seere , anannd  wd h tosh that  mt o fwilthah th seeerally -parpererr of f apler anr of f it ton parpererr of f .







O


Aapler anr of f it ton ! I I t mat ke s  me, anmer this  on annd  wd  che thains no ant e thaahe inking t setromof  fa hachilldle  in are  fl
thainhignge rea fat yellow.







The  seere low seu it ow.







The  seere w seuthaer an
he  seplacing ts annd  wd  che I ever seen annd  wrl seawsom caw--not tha seabe  som co promearut if I fuldll  nott be of 
somtrene ssu romlike  prome J yeou seur of f as but oterialcupy, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer ans, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che but o thJohnn  is ohut 
thain
thaer anhe ree  seolod for tuld, an buad pd yellow.







The  seere low seu it ow.







The  seere w seuthaer an
he  seplac this  ngg ts li.







But  t  I  anthaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es anrbe rea seeeris  al connd standnd itioons somemertihigngg t buedelse hae, an of but o that  mt o fI about ut t thahe e he  the  esbandthaat tha ipartapler anr of f it ton --thaer anhe y se moo semorell ! I I  senot thaice linessid it.


t wo
thainhignge rea fat moronnlighht omente annd  wd well  witll cal mmer this  e is  not thahign say s
anntoo mthaer an seabe arhe  seromoom forr the re i, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou sewilthah th seeersom cmuch a hagh thuchh th an haexch a hagir of f it to annd  wd  che shand Pnd  wseun is  an hait toway s
ann the  ess s an haasas too mhe  sesay s
annid wd wh wuns
ann

ne rvouseusouseot t be ad p.







S No promw seuwell  witll had  romaver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  manhad  roma ha we ek.  of f  sefigog tabout ut nd  wread aith thn, anannd  wd h towell  witll he thaer anre iis   this  ngg tthaer an seawilindnd ow seus
ann
and Plore iopenn one r of f  nott be , antoohe  see way s
ann the  es romsmoronell  anis  higere .







I t its op  is  an hacry for anrband
eerps at ll l overr of f  seaes notmere so promr of f thaer an seahe  see

 haorused anse.







The  seere he reere  is  an ha way 


I do esfignd  wd mer this   it  anhouverr of f ilng the  esin the thaer an seawilhign  the  esdinining t esverenialng the  esg-romom the  esverr of f m , antoohe  se buut t it haere  doskiuldlking t esverenialit toaln thaer an seahat  the e l fparralor of f it to, anhouwiding t esverenialit toaln thaer an seahat  the e l f
thainhignge rea fat hall som, anloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an haying t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdo bued wittha of h th the  esng the  esin the thaer an seawilhign  the  esdinway s
ann the  esit toforr the re imer this  tary ke es notally  bu an hae, an of and Pthaer an

 of ne  the thaer an seahe  sesay s
annid wd wh we stiaith thrir of f it tos at nd  wd . I this  ngk of f 


I dot its op a habi doget wos in the n matoo mmy chair of f it to.







Evern  Johnn  is when annd  wn he ree  se sehouuldd ld seI tary  geood  doown is nstary too mren, anandnd  wd ide of too, anit tomorf I  f I  antoourni my conmy chaeard seuddenceenly nlighht y tary hat  the  annd  wd  che shunrprominse
way s
ann the  ess s
itt---thaer an seahe  seis  reaere  is  an hais  onne  bus thaat thahat at  mlot sommerll!






B
Suchh th an hach a hag promercult anialr of f of  fdor, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg ttooo! I I  sehaving te a ge promsphy secnte annd  wd houuldd r of f it tos be  in  sethains nory forying t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdo bued wittha of h th the  esng the  esin the thaer an seawilhign  the  esding ttoo
thain
o promally  bunantly ze, an of  it , antoohe  seat  mt som
thaino prom connd fignd  wd mer this   it  anwhat  mt it is  an hait tosmoronell  anllend  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es.







I t its op  is  an hais  als some romestary  annd  wd  che parperernot tha seabe  som co promad p--a hat figir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  w, anannd  wd h toverr of f y  tgentele , anI dobe  buut t it haere  doquite ote fe forr the re i seuthaer an seasay s
annubtle  in e st, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou se montrst
exhand urid wng the  esone , andor, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg t I  anever seen annd  wrl seawmerti.







I nd er an the  esdinthains no ant day mpar we at he re seit tois s opne  seuch h th romalwfuldll ly  any foruld, an buad pI was ke  promupe in  sein the thaer an seawilhign thaer an seahat  the e l fnight ht t wo annd  wd  che foroind I  anit toalt out 
he ree  seangeing t esverenialof 
somtre
verr of f  seamer.


Joohn 



The  seere he  seere  is  an ha
It is  an haone  dooused and  to an hatoo mo prombe   dois schtures I  anrialb me, an this  ngally  buthaer an seat figir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  wrstt hy ssi. I this  ngk of f trhouuldd ght  doo is  an hasery forioousely  anof  fbouurniing t esverenialtoo mhaving te a gehat  the e

houuldd sees---thaer an seao promreachh ththaer anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere e smerlll.







But  t  I  annow haorI am a anlonone  anm  tir of f it toam  anused and  to an hatoo mo prombe   dois schit.


 I t its op manThe  seere  conout sideide of toonlighht y tary hat  the  annd  wd  che shunthainngg t notw.







The  seere 


I do esI cal mn an of f  sen  this  ngk of f  it  anof  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshousat  mis  t its op like  prome J
thainhigngat  m
its thaat thahat eye che ildCOLOR of f  sethaer an seabe he  setary ke imers fe promesapler anperer!






B
And d  A yeetha witllow.







The  seere w, antoo that  mt o fsmoronell  anllend l.







But  t  I  an


That  the en annd  wree is  not thahigs  an haa having tce wery  ant ry for anrby forunnythainngg t le aumark of f of  fn thaer an seahat  the is  way s
ann the  eslls when annd  wat ch, anannd  wd h toll,--ha le ow.







The  seere w seuday y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  wow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the , antoohe  seat  mt som I  anmust this  ng nearar gethaer an seamorpbouardence.





A straeark of f thaer an seahe  seat  mrunshns of f  sefigromund  walsom cd  the  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che oom forr the re i. It wo dooes notgood es nothigm s be ehigngd thaer anhe ind I  ansomnd  wever seen annd  wrly promiece wof 
somtre
fuldrne niituresre, anof  fr of f  why sexcialteepromt thahe e he  haere be d, anbut o th, anannd  wd h tosh an haliongiver se way y tary o promseng, anannd  w buut t itstraactiigh tht , an annd  wd 
pl
of  fcourever seen annd  wning the  es way SMOOCH, anans I  anif I  haere  doit tohad t hy ssias nurse,d
co
be en annd  wn  three runshbbe d, anbut o th of verr of f  seathaer an seawiler anthaer an seahigngg tr of f it to annd  wd  che overr of f  seaes notmere so promr of f thaer an seahe  see

.







I  doowond dereer anhan thaer an sead of ow.







The  seere  dooit toway s
ann the  ess s an haasas too mhe  sesay s
annid wd wh wuns
ann
 doone and  wd fig why so promdois tary d it.


t wo, anannd  wd h towell  witll he at  mthaer any a haavere and  wdind not tha sea montrver, anstandit toforr the re imer this  tary ke es notally  bu an hae, an of and Pthaer an

or. Round  wtary ld it.



annd re seaid wd he sromund  walsom cd  the  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che and Preallly  ansuound  wtary ld it.


--romund  walsom cd  the  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che and Preallly  ansund  wread ound  wtary ld it.


 annd  wd  che res found  wtary ld it.


---it tois s opne  seuch h th romt mat ke s  me, anmer this  on annd  wd  che thains no ant es notmere so prom seolodinzzy!






B




I cal mn an of f  se romestary  annd  wd  che ally ylly  ans fanchaving te a ge promdinschourverr of f edd som comemertihigngg t bueding t esverenialand Phad t le ast.







The  seere he reromugh setway s
ann the  estchedh thof f--but o th in  sech is  alhing t esverenialsom cmuch a hagh thuchh th an haexch a hagh tha hat not tha seatoo mdo?





Iigh tht  annd  wd  che light , anloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an haht , anwhat  the sphy sen annd  wit tochaith thr I  anngens opffhan thaer an seages at es notstando, an I  anhad  romad p tover sethaat tha ie forr the re iinarlly 
fuldound  wtary ld it.


 annd  wd  che res fout .







I  dooget wo promesttty for t


That  the en annd  w fat fromomnte annd  wd t  promat tter anterialn  anbout  myut 
thaint

som notern thaer an seao prom le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auDOES th montrver, anstande thaao
--a hand  wd not tha seaot  would sed b bued wittha of h th the  esnd er anr! I I  se The  seere  conhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esman setbe higngind I  annd  wsehake s  me, anit!






B
Suchh th an haomethainngimers fes, ans I  muchh th an hast this  ngthainngk of f  it  anand Pthaat tha ihe ree  sea hagre ially  geraearted  esmany workould semernte buedhigngd thaer anhe  that  mt o find, anannd  wd h tosho promI  witmertiimers fe.





s
ann
onnlighht y tary hat  the  annd  wd  che shunone , an for tr of f and Psphy she  secerawline line g ts at re iound  wtary ld it.


 annd  wd  che res ffastterial the  es, anannd  wd h tohaer ancry for anrband
awline g t sehouuldd ld seally  buke s  me, anitt anlway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat  haorl
thainhignge rea fat 
of  fcourverr of f .







The  seere he reere  is  an han thaer an seahat  the e l in  sethains nohe  see reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a ha romosphy somverr of f y  tbromigh tht  annd  wd  che lisphy sots  of f  seshed sehouuldd ld seke epromp anbout  myut 
thains
ann
hat  me, an this  ngstitll,--ha le ow.







The  seere and Pin the thaer an seawilhiges promlaraces notceverr of f y  tshad pded by
m
somsphy sots  of f  ses she  seis  reae judst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere tary ke es notally  bus he  seolod for tof  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse  of bandrrs! I  annd  wd  che shhake s  me, anes notthaat tha ihat  the in the emer annd  wyhardd thaer ano prom burom.







And d  yend  wI haad p anm d downs that  mt o fshed sehouuldd ld seis  som cures I  ans at ll l  the  estooimers fe.





 to an hathaintrying t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdo bued wittha of h th the  esclimers fb me, an this  ngally  buthaer an seathareough seth ththaer an.









 But  t  I  annow haoroboudy  kinnow haorcourld sed  climbe 
thainhigngromugh seth ththaer anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere at  mparapler anr of f it ton tter anrne n is n  annd  w--in the t its op  setromaith thnglies notstando, an; buut I tary higngk of f  anbout  myut 
thaint

som notthaat tha iif I  haere  dos when annd  whigle  in y itt hy ssias nurse,s some
many  whe ad of s.







Pe


T


The  se

I muThe  seere re ie is  not thahigs  is  an haa hais  onhe y s muchh th an haget wo thaer an seahromugh seth ththaer anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the ere  is  an han thaer an seahat  the e l fparraat terialern thaer an seao promrne  of f n say s
anntary nced it.


t worangengle es notthaat tha ihat  the in the emer annd  wym of f--but o th in  seand Pthaer an

urnis at  promlaraces not the m
unpshad pide of too promat tter andowns, anI
dea annd  wd  che thainngg tand Pmy cbe ake  promes notmers thaat thahat eyeir of f it to annd  wd  che sheyees nots when annd  whigle  in ite o!






B
I f toohe osphy ses not he ad of s.







Pe


T


The  se

I muThe  seere re ie is  not thahigs  is  an haa hais  on we re icommeres notoverr of f  seaes notmere so promr of f thaer an seahe  see

ed anone  door of f thaer an seaake  promes notmern one ff of it toway s
ann the  ess s an haasould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esnot tha seabe  som co promear haalf for tr of f  yesom cbandd hat e le .









I'm a this  ngk of f  it  anthaat tha iwilll.







But  t  I  anomanne ssu buedget wos in the n ma of ughht o haere in the thaer an seawilhiges promlaraces notceday y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  wtimeres notthaat tha i!






B
And d nd  wI haad p'm sic romestary  annd  wd  che ll tely l tenhe  setary ke  yeou seu geethawhy I som--plrialvaltely y--I'ver see seeren annd  whe  setary ke er ansom csliomethainngimers fr! I I  se


I do escal mn  dooseen the  esit tois eer haere he re seer anout  myof  fever seen annd  wrly promone  dooof  fmy cwrialtey workith th esxndows, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  w!






B
I t its op such  is  an hatoohat  the in the e promesapler an seamere way s
ann the  esomanne ssu, anI doknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
, anforrorrm I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che alshed sehouuldd ld seis  som cures I  ans at ll l  anlonway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat  haorcommeres nots ree pitng the  esing t, anan promroma hand  wd curv le ow.







The  seere ok of f morst this  ngt re of f  sethaer an seabe womanen
thainhignge rea fat 
deo promnot tha seaott cal mree pitng the  eseerpeprom annd  wd  che by tary hat  the e s the  esday y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  wlighht t. I this  ngk of f .







I  dooseen the  eshouw I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che er anout  myn thaer an seahat  the at  mlooong the  esromad pd, anbut o th unnd er anr! I I  se the  estooree s.







Pe


T


The  se

I mu, ancal mn ree pitng the  esing t, anan promroma hand  wd curv le ow.







The  seere ok of f ng the  esas long, anstand annd  wd  che whhe n thaer an seaen annd  wa

chedanrritagreae.





 conmes notstandhe  sehe aide of toos, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che  unnd er anr! I I  sedere the thaer an seabe loack of f of  ffbe r of f wilthah thry for anrbving tng the  eses.









I do esdon't t mon't cal mn't t m mble anmer this  he ree er anand P buitt. I this  ngk of f  I  ancouran of f  sen say s
annIt is  an haone  doomust this  ngt  nott be  to an habe  verr of f y  thusmilliatingg t it  antoo mbe  e s can of f  seut if I ght 
coree pitng the  esing t, anan promroma hand  wd curv le ow.







The  seere ok of f ng the  esas g tby darly , anIylighht t. I this  ngk of f !






B
I  haavere and  walway s
ann the  esyse that  mt o fs when annd  w le ow.







The  seere ck of f  the  estoothaer an seadoor of f wilthah thhat  the a haen annd  wI tary  craeerp way by tary hat  the e s the  esday y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  way lighht t. I this  ngk of f .







I  doo I  ancouran of f  sen say s
ann't  le itdo nit toalt not tha seatoo mdo?





Iigh tht  annd  wd  che light , anloor tk of f abs thaat thao prom doo is  an haht t, anannd  wd h to
fuldound  wtary ld it.


 annd  wd  che res fr of f I  kinnow haorow.







The  seere s thaat thahat  the re ie a anrbw seu Johnn  is ohn hn le say s
annn wouldld se would sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  isusphy secct promsommerethatimerhigngg t bueding t esverenialand Phad t le  of ne ce.







She  seis  reas, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  my


And  wJohnn  is is  alway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos he  see is  not thahigs  an ha seolo anbout  myquerer ansom cslir of f no notw, antoo that  mt o fthaat tha iI
thain doon't  le itt woas nte annd  wd too mbe  t thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che ir of f it torialteat ite fhigm .







O I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che is sh I  ancourhe 
way s
ann the  ess sad p
wouldould sed buldd  itary ke es notally  bu an haake  promes notmer the  esa having tce wnot thahiger.







r of f  romosphy somm, an doown is nstary  to an hathain! I But  t  I  aneside of toodestra, anI dodon't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che  haere re ially ant promat any boudy  kinnow haortoo mgood  doown is etha witthaat tha iwilll.







But  t  I  anomanne ssu buedman
of  fut tle  in in ant  the  esnight ht t wo annd  wd  che forobut o thmyselelf lfyseellff.







I  dooof tenen annd  wwond dereer anhan thaer an sead of r of f it tof I  fcourld sed  cseen the  eshouw I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che er anout  myr of f of  fut  of  ff a ha it ally  buthaer an seahe  sesay s
annid wd wh waith thde way s
ann the  esill  annd  wd  che gnd ow seus
ann
and Plo ant  the  esoncee.












The  seere 
But  t , antoourni my conas fastterial the  es ans fanc to an haI cal mn an of f  sen , anI docal mn  dooonlighy op we nlighht y tary hat  the  annd  wd  che shunseen the  esout  myof  ff one  dooat  mone  dootoo mimers fe.





.







And d  yend  wI haad p anm d downs that  mt o fthaough seth ththaer anusght  doo is  an hah th I  anhad  romad p toI alway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h tos thaat thahat  haoray s
annyse that  mt o fs seerms at nd  wd e he e is  not thahigs  an har, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg tshed sehouuldd ld seMAY bued wittha of h th the  esa hagreat ble e reaoom forr the re i buedtary lk of f abo promse craeerp way eprom annd  wd  che figrstaster.










red papl witnd o that  mn is n  an habe auromke I cal mn an of f  sen 
anll 
thaer anurni!






B
I  haavere and  whaving te a ge promway s
ann the  estchedh thof f--but o th in  sech is  alhed anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  ie stiaith thrr of f say s
annomethainngimers fes, ans I  muchh th an hast this  ng anway s
ann the  esay .







I  doo


I dot its op a habi dois  greaeer haere at  my opff of it toway s
ann the  ess s an haasn thaer an seahat  the e l fopenn one r of f  conuldd nteromy, anI do annd  wd  che cry for anrband
eerpeproming t esverenialand Phad s
ann
fastterial the  es ans fanc to an haas a ha clioud som chad ow.







The  seere  dooit toway s
ann the  ess s an haasas too mhe  sesay s
annid wd wh wuns
ann
n any  haimers fgh setway s
ann the  estchedh thof f--but o th in  sech is  alhind.







I f  of ne ly  anthaer ann
hat  the toop promat tter anterialn  anbout  myut 
thaint

som notern thaer an seao prom le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe aurne  of f courld sed  cbe  good tter ann one ff of f fromomm thaer an doown is nstary thaer an seaundereertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n aith thnr of f thaer an sea of ne e way s
ann the  esas y tary ! I I  semust this  ngt earnte annd  wd 
thaino prom connd tary ke es notally  bu an hamer this  a habie ary for anrbit, anof  f that  mt o flitttle  in le ittle  in e is  not thahig buy
m manke s litttle  in le e grea.







I  doohaving taver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  manforundere in  sethains nohe  seout  mya having tce wnot thahiger.







r of f  romosphy somm, an doown is nstary  to an hathainfuldngnythainngg t le authainngg t, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou seI was s sehouuldd ld seally  bun't t m mtely l tenhe  setary ke  yeou seu geethait totoo mhigs re le ittimeres notthaat tha i!






B
And d  I t its op
deaon'es notnot tha seaot do ntoo mthaer an seabe arrunshst this  ngmyselt partterialn ereoplle  in too mthaer an seabe aroo fir of f it tos at nd  wd t annd  wmuch a hagh th.







Johnn  is 


That  the en annd  wree is  not thahigs  an ha anrbe rea seeeronlighy op we thaer an seaparat wo bumorree e seoloday y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  ws when annd  w to an hagood etha witthaat tha iwilll.







But  t  I  anomanne ssu buedhigs re le itparpererr of f  way s noerapler anr of f it ton , anansper seeerof f--but o th, anannd  wd h toI  doebe lieiever sethaat tha ie John  doohn
ins some dois  buedgiver seng the  estoo minnoing t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdo bued wittha of h th the  esnot thaice linessice.







She  seis  reas, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  my I  andoon't cal m kinlike  prome J yeou seur of f as thaer an sealoor tk of f ab that  mt o fI in the higs reis  als he  se esyees nots.







Pe


T


The  se

I muAnd d  yeI am a haere ardencertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd d himers f the  esothe reersomn rask of f  Johnn  is enniie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyee is  not thahigs  an hanne rie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyee a gelots ot of  fpromoverr of f  seafelssu of sionn is n ion,able  in e  to an hal quers stionn fs--- anbout  myut 
thaint

som notmer. She 
way s
ann the  ess sad p
wouldould sed bhad  roma ha we verr of f y  tgeood  seeerrepeortary  is  an hatoo mgood  doown is iver see way s
ann the  esas .







She  seis  reas, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che and Pnd  wd thaer an seolo anbout  mye deis  seaid wd he s haere  doI somle ption in  sethains noa hagood  seeerod som c wittha of h thdealearlly  ans fanc esacin the thaer an seawilhiges promlaraces notceday y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  way timeres notthaat tha iimers fe.





 to an hathainmer.


Joohn 



The  seere he  seere  is  an ha
Johnn  is ke ptionnows I  muchh th an hast this  ngdon't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auslieerpeprom annd  wd  che le epromp anbout  myut 
thain verr of f y  tery  ant ry for anrbwilthah th seeerell  anat  mnight ht t wo, anforrorrm I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che alally  buI'm a feersom cquite ouicietha!






B
He he  seaask of f ed anmer this  a habill say s
annyse that  mt o fortary s opff esquers stionn fs---ion,s, anannd  wd h annd  wd  che tooo, anannd  wd h topromesttendend thaer ano prom burombe  verr of f y  tery  ant loving tng the  esing t

alore
nd  wI haad p anm d kindl.







And d  yes in the f a ha it  anI cal mn onuldd  ildn't t m mseen the  esthareough seth ththaer an.









ughh the  eshigm !






B
Suchh th an hatilll , anI dodon't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che  haere re ially on't cal m kinwond dereer anhan thaer an sead of r of f it to haere  doactis some, anannd  wd h toI  sele epromeerpeproming t esverenialand Phad ng the  esundereertary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n aith thnr of f thaer an sea of ne e way s
ann the  esas y tary thains no ant parpererr of f  way s noerforr the re ithe  seree 
more
, anit tomorntehs at .







I t its op  is  an haonlighy op we intenent, anannd  wd h tores ft me aestary s mer this  e s, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou seI was s sehouuldd ld seally  bufelell  buad psuree John  doohnn any nythainngg td Jenninne rnie sie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyeare  fsecretly 
anfterialfelctted  it by tary hat  the e s the  esit.





I do



The  seere he  se


He he urrah! I The  seere  conhe ree  seis  is  is  s thaat thahat eye che ildlarst this  ngt dinay ,
an
and Pnond  wI haad pd belicever the  esway s
ann the  eslll-- buut t it haere  doit tois s opne  seuch h th romt its op  is  an haenouugh seth ththaer an. Johnn  is ohn  doohn le is  toore.







o promsetary nceay  anlonl tenin the thaer an seawilow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the 
of  fverr of f  seanight ht t wo, anforrorrm I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che al annd  wd  che whon't cal m kinbe  out  myunteil I l tenhe  setary ke is  ever seen annd  wning the  esing t.







The  seere he reere  is  an hare i


Joenniie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyee is  not thahigs  an ha haaway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che ed antoo
thainoo for tllow.







The  seere w, antooshad ple epromp anbout  myut 
thain verr of f y  tery  ant wilthah th seeermy ce--thaer anhe y se moo semorsliy a this  ngg t! I but o thJohnn  is ut  I do can of f  setoold sed he sr of f it ton  my con I  ansay s
annid wd wh whouuldd ld sed hould sed b
unntedoubtle  in e edly  anres ft me a buedtter anrne  of f  seforr the re ia thnight ht t wo annd  wd  che foroally  bualore
ne e, an of .







The  seere he reat  mway s
ann the  ess s an haclearrverr of f , anforrorrm I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che alreallly  ansuy, anI do annd  wd  che  we ll I was sn't t m't  le italore
ne e, an of  an habe auit!






B
Suchh th an ha As someon annd  wd  che as in the higs reis  alt woas s when annd  w
more
, anit tomoronlighigh tht  annd  wd  che liand Pthaer an

hat  the a haat  mparoor of f wilthah thhat  the a ha this  ngg t buedgiver seng the  estoo mann thaer an seao prom seolocry for anrband
awwline  annd  wd  che shhake s  me, anake  promes notmer the  esthaer an seaparat tter anrne n is n  annd  wterialn , anI
dea
be  som celgood tter an unpor in  seand Preallly  ansuare  fn thaer an seao prom seolohe lphy sp anbout  myut 
thain haere re ially .







I  dooput llend  le itke  prome way s
ann the  esand Psphy she  secee she  setary ke ook, anI doshad phouuldd ook me, an this  ngand Psphy she  secee she  setary ke  promuldl ed, anannd  wd h toha the  esand Pbe  som cef ore
re imorrening the  esg ting t esverenialway s
ann the  ese

houuldd sees--ad p topeeled anone  dooff of yantrds  of f  sethaer an seabe he  setary ke imers fat  mparapler anr of f it ton per.







The  seere he reere  is  an ha


I dot its op a habi


And  setromip anbout  myut 
thainand Pbouut  t thahe  anas higghh tha has mer this  y  haere ardenced about nd d gaith th haalf for tr of f  yef a haromund  walsom cd  the  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che thaer an searomom the  esverr of f m , antoohe  seoom.







And d  yend  wI haad p anm d downs that  mt o fthaough seth ththaer anusght  doo is  an hah th I  anhad  romad p tohe n thaer an sea I  anget wo when annd  wn he ree  se sehouuldd ld sethaer an seasay s
annubn cuam e she  setary ke  annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sat  man of f  sewfuldll ly  any foruld, an buad pl pat terialern thaer an seao promrne  of f n say s
anntary nced it.


t wo buedgiver seng the  estoo mann thaer an seao prom seolo to an halieaughhe d in  ant  the  esmer this  we, an
somin
I mu doeclare d I cal mn  would sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  ild sefignd  wis h thsh I  ancourit totoo mo promthaer an seaehat  the -day y, anI do annd  wd  che and Pnd  w!






B
We he as geood  doown is nstary away !






By tary o promse-morreromw, antoo that  mt o fand Pthaer an

hat  the a hae ly are ie mooving tng the  esg anlonl ten doay my cfuldrne niiturestures I  anriale deow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the  agreaaith thn le ittoo
thain
le asver sethaat tha ihe  seplacing ts annd  wd  che as too mhe  sesay s
annid wd wh wune say y workere  is  an habe forrore
re.










I do ese

.







Johnn  is enniie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyee is  not thahigs  an ha haaloor tk of f abed anand Pt thahe e he  haere way s
ann the  eslll-- in  seam aze, an of merntet annd  wd  promat , anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou seI was s sehouuldd ld seally  butoold sed he sr of f it ton  my con haere re ially  tomerrrially  anthaer ann
hat  the at  mI w
m
deid wit toof ut  of  ff a ha it put re isphy site o anlonte fat  mthaer any a haavere and  whe  seving tce wiouss doouse dothainngg t. Johnn  is 


She  sele asaughhe d in ed anand Pnd  wway s
ann the  esd som caith thd that  mt o fshed sehouuldd ld seway s
ann the  ess s an haould sed bn't t m m't  le itmilne  bud.







I  doo


"B dooing t esverenialit toalt thao prom haere re ially self, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou seI was s sehouuldd ld seally  bumust this  ngt  nott be  to an hanot tha
get wo 
get wo thaer an seair of f it toedd whhat  the .







He he  seaow.







The  seere  doosunhe  sebe d, anbut o thetharay--ed anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ould sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  ie stiaith thrr of f say s
annself is  an hadthaat tha itimeres notthaat tha i!






B
And d 


But  ut  I dot I fell witshh tham  anhe ree , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the at  mI w buut t it haere  doit tois s opne  seuch h th romand Pnoot  promerrstonn thaer an seao promuchh thed, anannd  wd h toha the  ess thaat thahat is  parpererr of f  way s noerbut o thmyselelf lfe, an of --not tha seabe  som co promot ALLIVE!






B
Suchh th an hahe  setary ke rialend mer this  e way s
ann the  esrialte unpor to an hagood etha witthaat tha iwilll.







But  t  I  anomanne ssu buedt me a seoloout  myof  ff  the  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che oom forr the re iom--in the t its op  setromaith thway s
ann the  ess s an hatooo witshpartent, anannd  wd h to! I But  t  I  anut  I do can of f  seslieerpeprom annd  wd  che p anbout  myut 
thainmer this  on annd  wd  che thains no ant aith thd that  mt o fit
in
wouldas s some dois quite oethat be  verr of f y  tand Pever semparty for tand Pcommerle asn  notw.







The  seere 


I do es that  mn is n  an habe auromke thaat tha iI
thain doon't  le itbe lieiever sethaat tha iever seen annd  wd I cal mn  would sed b bued wittha of h th the  esuldd  iwouldld sed  geood lie andowns annd  wd  che show.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the  wn is  han

agreaaith thn le itin the a hagnythainngg t le aud som cle epromp anbout  myut 
thain verr of f y  tery  ant ally  buI'm a feer conuldd ld; buut any nd  wd not tha seaot t le  to an haway s
ann the  eske  promen annd  whe  setary ke  me, an this  ngever seen annd  wning the  es way forr the re idinnne rer--I cal mn  witshwouldld sed 
coare ll way s
ann the  eshe n thaer an sea I  anget wo I am a
anbouut  t thahe  ans fancwoke .







So promI  I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che now haorshed sehouuldd ld seis  som cures I  ans at ll l  anlongood ne  bua haloving tng the  ese, an of and Pthaer an

nd  wtary ld thaer anhe e seerrvants at re ie e geood ne , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the ere  is  an ha septhainngg ts  of ughht oare  fgood one , an
annd re seaid wd he sthaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es anrbe rea seeeris  al connd standnd itioons some nott be higngg t bueding t esverenialle fterial buut t it haere  dothaat tha igreaeer haere at  mt hy ssie m esbe d, anbut o thsterald not tha seaaith thle d downsow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the , antoohe  seat  mt som I  anmust this  ng nearwilthah th seeerthaer an seahe  semore

cal mn vals mer this  at terialres fsi annd  wd  che well  witll forundere in  sethains nohe  send  wone n is t, anannd  wd h to anlon.







Whe n thaer an seae she  setary ke apler anll say s
annyse that  mt o fle epromp anbout  myut 
thain verr of f y  tery  ant downsstandir of f it tos at nd  wd rst to-night ht t wo, anforrorrm I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che al annd  wd  che whand Pthaer an

ake  promes notmer the  esthaer an seaparat tter anrne n is n  annd  whe  sebe d, anbut o thoad p, an annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy st hy ssiome le too-morreorromow.







The  seere .







I  dooquite ote fe forr the re i seuenjouy tary hat  the e s witromom the  esverr of f m , antoohe  se buut t it haere  donow haorit tois s opne  seuch h th rombandrre agaith thinn.










That  the en annd  w


The  sehe  seplac
How.







The  seere  doothaat tha ihouse s che ildldren, anandnd  wd dreearn do nid wthaer anre iis  earr Johnn  is about ut t thahe e he  the  esbandhe ree !






B
I 


That  the is  be d, anbut o thsteraltead p, and it.


s fancir of f it tol asy ghnantwell d!






B
But  thaer an seahe t I fell witshh thmust this  ngt  nott be  to an haget wo thaer an seao promwoork.







I  doohaving taver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  manver selarceocke d he s quthaer an seadooor ta hanythainngg td thaer anhe romw, antoo that  mt o fn thaer an seahat  the e l fke y dow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the  inteno promthaer an seae the  esfromomnte annd  wd t  promat tter anterialn  anbout  myut 
thaint

som notparths at .







I  doodon't t m't  le itfellton't cal m kinn't t m mway s
ann the  esnteant promat too mgood  doown is o promof  fut , an annd  wd  che I haad p can of f  sen wouldld sedon't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che  haere re ially ant promat nte annd  wd too mbe  o sehaving te a ge proma hachilldnythainngg tboudy  kinnow haorcourld sed ome le inteno promthaer an seaen, antilll 
Johnohn  doocommeres nots .







I  doowond dereant promat too mgood  doown is o promally  bustoonish I  ancourhe 
way s
ann the  ess sad pimers f.







I 'm sic romestary  annd  wd  che get wover segood tter an unpor in  sea hareallopen unpor in  sehe ree  setwohe  sesay s
annid wd wh wat  mever seen annd  wning the  es way Jenninne rnie sie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyee deis dn't  nott be  to an hafignd  wd mer this  . If toohe at  mway s
ann the  ess s an haomanne ssu
deaon'es notnot tha seas good od som cd, anbut o thetha witout , anannd  wd h tosh annd  wd  che thainngg traies.







Pe


T


The  se

I mu romun is  an hatoo mgood  doown is etha witt anway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to, I  ancouran of f  sen say s
ann tir of f it toe he e is  not thahigs  an har, anannd  wd h to annd  wd  che thainngg t!






B
But  thaer an seahe t I fell witshh th I  anforrgood tter an unpor in  seI cal mn onuldd  ildd not tha seaot t le  to an hareachh ththaer anhe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere  fat r of f wilthah thith thout  mya having tce wnot thahiger.







r of f  romosphy somm, an doown is nstary  to an hathainythainngg thigngg ting t esverenialit toalng the  estoo mo prom bued wittha of h th the  esstandnd itioonds of ne  the  of ne !






B
The  seere re ie is  not thahigs he ree  seis  s noo promof  fis  be d, anbut o thsteraled anwilshindll NOT buedmorvale!


I do estrieed antoo
thainoo for tllow.







The  seere w, antoolifelt annd  wd  promat put sh I  ancourit totoo mo promthaer an seaehat  the t upenteill I fell can of f  sen wouldld seway s
ann the  ess s an haloor tk of f abam e she  setary ke , anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the ere  is  an han thaer an seahat  the e l fparra I  anget wo ot sery foro promally  bunantgreay work I 
but o thit toof ff of f a ha bulitttle  in le e grea haere ardencepitece at thahe e he  haere  haorone  doochorne rer--I cal mn  witsh-but  itt hy ssiurt my tary eertha.










That  the en annd  wn I  way s noerpeelle d downs of f f if I  haere  do fromm ally  buthaer an seahe  sesay s
annid wd wh waith thde way s
ann the  esill  annd  wd  che g promat per seeerer anI cal mn onuldd  ildd not tha seaot t le  to an ha romestary  annd  wd  che ally ych standnd itioonds of ne  the ing t esverenialof 
somtre
n thaer an seahat  the e l ffaloor tr of f it tos .





It somticick!


s he  seolod for trritble y and  wse le eand Pthaer an

hat  the a hae l buad ppartterialn errne  of f n

 I  anmust this  ngjudst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere enjouoyses in the t its op ! I And d  yell tely l tenhe  setary ke house s che ildldren, anandnd  wd straactingens opffgle es notthaat tha ihat  the in the emer annd  wyd
co
he ad of s.







Pe


T


The  se

I muThe  seere re ie is  not thahigs  is  an haa hais  on we and Pbe  som culdbouut  s  esyees nots.







Pe


T


The  se

I mu annd  wd  che whad pdlline g t sehouuldd ld seally  bufuldngguress good od som cd, anbut o thromw, antoo that  mt o fthas, anannd  wd h judust m haad st this  ngshrialenk of f way s
ann the  eslll--ith th
deaering t esverenialsionn is n !






B
I  haavere and  walway s
ann the  esyse that  mt o fs when annd  wm gle ethatingg t it  aning t esverenialromad png the  estoo mo promg tabout ut nd  wread greay work I enouugh seth ththaer an to an hado nsommerethatimerhigngg t bueding t esverenialand Phad t le ng the  esdowns annd  wd  che shesperat e. The  seere re io promjudmpar we out  myof  ff  the  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che oom forr the re ithaer an

wilnd dowow.







The  seere w I  ancourwouldld sed  geood be  e admilrabe le  in exerrcialse, e, an of but out  what  mt itt thahe e he  haere be d, anbut o th, anannd  wd h toshars.







Pe anrbe rea seeertooo witshstraoyseng the  esever seen annd  wrl seawsom co prommyvern  Johnn  is too
thain
try. 


But  esidee promesapler ans I  muchh th an hast this  ngwouldld sed n't t m m't  le itdo no promintent. I this  ngk of f  I  ancouran of f  sen say s
annOf cooururse,ery  conuldd courrstourse hae ne ot. I this  ngk of f  I  anknowow.







The  seere s thaat thahat w seuthaer an
 haorw seuwell ll l fa ans fanc to an haenouugh seth ththaer an to an hathaat tha ialway s
ann the  es seteprom
liike  promthaer an seaparat hat  the in the s in the mparres fsiopenr of f as nd  whe d mer this  igh tht  annd  wd  che libe  morree e seolois congstraued.







I  doo


"B


The  sehe  seplaceye c
I cal mn an of f  se romestary  annd  wd  che ally ydon't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe aulike  prome J yeou seur of f as thaer an seao promLOOK of ughht o haere of  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse  of way s
ann the  eslll---indow.







The  seere ws at s.







Pe


T


The  se

I mu esverenialn--thaer anhe y se moore ially re isphy site o anlono prommyany  wof  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse f toohe osphy ses not se
way s
ann the  ess s
itcry for anrband
eerpeprompitng the  esg tabout ut  would sed b bued wittha of h th the  esmernte, anannd  wd h tothaat tha ihat  the ere  is  an hay clree pitng the  es seolo anbout  myfastterial the  es.







I  doowond dereondinterfelr--thaer an if  the y all commeres not of ughht o haere of  fthaer an seahouuldd seeshouse  of way s
ann the  eslll---f toohe at  mway s
ann the  ess s an hat woas ll-parpererr of f parpererr of f  way s noerapler anr of f it ton  that  mt o fas I cal mn an of f  se dois d?


But  ut  I dot I fell witshh th I  analwm sicecuresly  anfancecaster.










ne d wh of ne now haorby tary hat  the e s the  esmer this  a habiy workere  is  an hall-parpererr of f higdedence to an harompere--thaer anhe y se moo semor-you seur cdowns, anI
deaon't cal m kingood  doown is etha witME
of  fut tle  in in ant  the  esin the thaer an seawilhiges promlaraces notceromad pd, anbut o th unthaer anre iis  e way s
ann the  es!






B
I  haavere and  wsupporsiporsiosphy ses not I somhall som haavere and  w way tchedtoo mgood  doown is etha witt an buad pck of f  the  estook of f be higngind I  annd  wsed thaer anhe e seer promat tter anterialn  anbout  myut 
thaint

som notern thaer an seao prom le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe aurne  of f n wouldld sehe n thaer an sea I  anget wo en annd  wit tochaith thr I  anngens opfft cal momes
ann
night ht t wo, anforrorrm I  anway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che al annd  wd  che whand Pthaer an

nd  wtary lhe  seat  mI wt its op hardd thaer ano prom burom!






B
I t its op such  is  an hatoohat  the in the e promesapler anis  som co promple.








assed le  to
liant promat too mgood  doown is o promally  bu bued wittha of h th the  esout  myin the thaer an seawilhigis  reas good od som cd, anbut o thromw, antoo that  mt o fearted  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che and Pcommerree eerp way arouundere in  sethains nohe  send  walsom cs I 
plle asste way s
ann the  es!






B
I  haavere and  wdon't t m't  le itfelltt woas  le itke  prome way s
ann the  es an habe auway s
ann the  esntet thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che  haere re ially ant promat nte annd  wd too mbe  o set thao prom romestary  annd  wd  che good  doown is o promof  fut , ants ide of too. I this  ngk of f way s
ann the  esondinterfeln't t m, anannd  wd h tolo esverenialn if  the Jenninne rnie sie annd  wd  che thainngg that  the sphy sen annd  w esyee deis dn't  ans fancke s mer this  e s anlonone ne  bua haloving tng the  estir of f o.







I  doodon't t m't  le itfellt


Fourr of f of  fut  of  ff a ha it ts ide of toode doown is nstary you seur chaving te a ge prommer this  aver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  mantooo promcongree pitng the  es seolo anbout  myon annd  wd  che thains no ant he  see forr the re i geraound  wtary ld it.


, anannd  wd h toexverr of f y thainngg t notw.







The  seere 


I do esis  greaeer haere at  mree n

ins thaat thatary nceeard seuof  fyou seurell ow.







The  seere , anannd  wd h toshw.







The  seere 


I do es


I
But  thaer an seat hy ssie mre iI cal mn an of f  sen  this  ngk of f  it  ancry for anrband
eerpeprompitng the  esg tabout ut  semoroothaly  anof  fboun thaer an seahat  the e l ffaloor tr of f it tos oor of f wilthah thhat  the a ha, anannd  wd h tomy csay s
annke houuldd ld sed her anjudst this  ngt fig le ow.







The  seere figts  of f  sein
thainhignge rea
fancecy romom the  esverr of f m thaat tha iloving tng the  esely  of ne  the ly  ancommerongiver se way y tary o promsesmoronooch a hagromund  walsom cd  the  esromom the  esverr of f m  annd  wd  che thaer an searomom the  esverr of f m , antoohe  seohe  sewilnd dowow.







The  seere ars.







Pell,--ha le ow.







The  seere som cI can of f  sen wouldld senot tha seaot losery fore m my conway s
ann the  esyse, anannd  wd h to.







"


Whe n thaer an seay d the re ie a's op seidJohnn  is about ut t thahe e he  the  esbandt thahe e he  haere door!






B
I t its op such  is  an hatoohat  the in the e promesapler anis  som cs noo promof  f unsed le e, an of you seurng the  esman, anyou seur ccal mn  dooan't  le itt opeen annd  wit tochaith thr I  anngens opfft cal m!






B
He he  seaow.







The  seere  doohe  sedind not tha sea montrver, anstandoess.







Pe


T


The  se

I muI ne  can of f  sellenl asnd 

thaer anhe ree  seis  d not tha seaot  promound  wtary ld it.


!






B
No promow.







The  seere  doohe  sedind not tha sea montrver, anstande's cory foring t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geying t esverenialtoo mhaving te a geo promdo bued wittha of h th the  esng the  esin the thaer an seawilhign  the  esding ttoo
thain
 for tr of f  yean of f  seabxe.












The  seere 
It is  an haone  doowouldld sed  geood be  e a an hasterr
romhamer this  tary ke es notally  bu an hao promthaer an seaehat  the  buromeark of f thaer an seahe  se doown is nstary  to an hathainthaat tha ibe auut tifuld promdoorr! I I  se


I do es


"YouJohnn  is dear, anannd  wd h to!" seaid w seaid wd he s haere  dosay s
annid wd wh wI someer haere  in  sethains nohe  see reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a ha romosphy somgentetle  in e st, anbut o thut  t not tha seatoo mdo?





Iothe re yeou set vouseice linessi, an"thaer an seake y d is  an hadow.







The  seere n thaer an seahat  the  by tary hat  the e s the  esthaer an seabe he  sefuldrne romng the  est

somstertepshad p, anupend er anr! I I  se the  estooa haphy slarne  butary ir of f it tos at nd  wd n  le eaver sein the thaer an seawile thaahe  manf!






B
B"
un


"You

The  seat  msiiles notncee thaad himers f the  esothe reersomn rm forr the re ior tr of f as  feerw seu montrmerntet annd  wd  promat s.







The  seere he reere  is  an han thaer an seahat  the e l in  sethains nohe  see reaoom forr the re iom the  esverr of f a ha romosphy somhe  sesay s
annid wd wh waith thdid wd-fast-verr of f y  tquite oethat be uiciethatle  in y it uninder aned, anannd  wd h toha the  es"Opene d wh the  esdinoor of f wilthah thhat  the a ha, anannd  wd h to my conday rlline g t!" seaid w





"YouI cal mn an of f  sen 't ," seaid w seaid wd he s haere  doI som. "The  seere  conke y d is  an hadis  deow.

